src/setting/what/adam_42.md, before:

# Adam-42: O.O.P.F. {#setting-adam-42}

![Adam-42](art/jeshields/construct.png)

::::::::::::: {.bio} ::::::::::::::::::::::::
- **Real Name:** Martin "Adam X. Lii" McCord
- **Occupation:** Police officer
- **Legal Status:** Citizen of the United States, officially deceased
- **Gender:** non-gendered/male (it/its, he/him)
- **Identity:** classified
- **Place of Birth:** Technopolis, U.S.A.
- **Marital Status:** single - n/a, formerly married
- **Known Relatives:** none
- **Group Affiliation:** Cosmic Legends of the Universe (reserve), Los Angeles Police Department (medical leave)
- **Base of Operations:** Los Angeles, California and Technopolis, U.S.A.
:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::
:::::::::::: bio2 :::::::::::::::::::::::::::
- **Height:** 5' 10"
- **Weight:** 305 lbs.
:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::
:::::::::::: bio  :::::::::::::::::::::::::::
- **Eyes:** (as Del) , (as Energy Boy) 
- **Hair:** (as Del) , (as Energy Boy) 
:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::
 
**History:**

Martin McCord never wanted to be the world's first
One-Officer-Police-Force, but a near-fatal shootout took
that choice away from him. Seconds away from dying, his injured
brain was transplanted into the ADAM-42 android body, saving
his life and trapping him in a metal form physically superior
to, and distinctively less functional than, his original human body.


As fate would have it ... that was the time that Thompson's hubris was proven
a false vanity. The reactor raged out of control as dangerous energies washed
over her laboratory and the rest of Technopolis.

With Delphine unconscious and dying from radiation poisoning, only quick 
thinking by Del managed to halt the out-of-control reaction -- at the cost
of his life. The young boy was completely disintegrated.

Or so everyone believed. Over the next few weeks, Del reformed his body
from pure nuclear energy. He regained consciousness to find his
mother had survived -- but had likewise been changed by the overloaded
reactor. Calling herself Neutrino, she fled police custody and soon joined
the newly-forming Villains, Inc.

Del was taken in by his mother's former lab partner, Hazel Montgomery,
the original Vespa. Together with Montgomery's child Lin -- the sidekick
hero Bug -- Del became one of the first two students at Technopolis Academy 
and a founding member of the Junior Legends of America.

**Powers:**
Del's natural state of being is a humanoid form composed of supercharged plasma.
He can use this energy as destructive blasts, as an energy-backed "nuke punch!", 
and as a force bubble to absorb energy.

With concentration -- and as a result of years of practice -- he can dampen
his nuclear energies and assume a human shape, becoming the young man he would
have been had his mother's pride not cost them both dearly.

:::::::::::: {.stats} ::::::::::::::::
## Adam 42: O-O-P-F

- **Class:** The Construct
- **Approaches:** 
  Action 3, 
  Adventure 1, 
  Detective 3, 
  Mystery 1, 
  Suspense 3
- **Health:** 10
- **Might:** 10
- **Power Words:**
  - *Core:* Synthetic, Sentience
  - *Personal:* Armor, Brain, Body, Metal, Inhuman, Interface, Override, Networked, Strength, Technical, Weapon (pistol)
  - *Nova:* One Officer Police Force
- **Abilities:** Energy Reserve, Fight Fire With Fire, TBD
- **Fighting Styles:** Brawler, Guerilla, Interceptor, Sharpshooter, Rescuer, Weaponmaster
- **Skills:** 
  Deputy,
  Engineer,
  Hacker,
  Investigator,
  Lawyer
- **Ideals:** Angst, Guilt, Duty, Law, Pain, Obedience, Violence
::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

Commit message:

Adam-42
The Construct pregen: One-Officer Police Force

src/setting/what/adam_42.md, after:

# Adam-42: O.O.P.F. {#setting-adam-42}

![Adam-42](art/jeshields/construct.png)

::::::::::::: {.bio} ::::::::::::::::::::::::
- **Real Name:** Martin "Adam X. Lii" McCord
- **Occupation:** Police officer
- **Legal Status:** Citizen of the United States, officially deceased
- **Gender:** non-gendered/male (it/its, he/him)
- **Identity:** classified
- **Place of Birth:** Technopolis, U.S.A.
- **Marital Status:** single - n/a, formerly married
- **Known Relatives:** none
- **Group Affiliation:** Cosmic Legends of the Universe (reserve), Los Angeles Police Department (medical leave)
- **Base of Operations:** Los Angeles, California and Technopolis, U.S.A.
:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::
:::::::::::: bio2 :::::::::::::::::::::::::::
- **Height:** 5' 10"
- **Weight:** 305 lbs.
:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::
:::::::::::: bio  :::::::::::::::::::::::::::
- **Eyes:** (as Del) , (as Energy Boy) 
- **Hair:** Brown (originally), none (as Adam-42)
:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::
 
**History:**

Martin McCord never wanted to become the world's first
One-Officer-Police-Force, but a near-fatal shootout took
that choice away from him. Seconds away from dying, his injured
brain was transplanted into the ADAM-42 android body, saving
his life and trapping him in a metal form physically superior
to, and distinctively less functional than, his original human body.
Officially, McCord is dead -- but with the right prosthetic mask,
he can pass among humans as Adam Lii, the newest recruit of the
Los Angeles Police Department.


**Powers:**

:::::::::::: {.stats} ::::::::::::::::
## Adam 42: O-O-P-F

- **Class:** The Construct
- **Approaches:** 
  Action 3, 
  Adventure 1, 
  Detective 3, 
  Mystery 1, 
  Suspense 3
- **Health:** 10
- **Might:** 10
- **Power Words:**
  - *Core:* Synthetic, Sentience
  - *Personal:* Armor, Brain, Body, Metal, Inhuman, Interface, Override, Networked, Strength, Technical, Weapon (pistol)
  - *Nova:* One Officer Police Force
- **Abilities:** Energy Reserve, Fight Fire With Fire, TBD
- **Fighting Styles:** Brawler, Guerilla, Interceptor, Sharpshooter, Rescuer, Weaponmaster
- **Skills:** 
  Deputy,
  Engineer,
  Hacker,
  Investigator,
  Lawyer
- **Ideals:** Angst, Guilt, Duty, Law, Pain, Obedience, Violence
::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::
