art-list.md, before:

Heroes:

- The Wheelman class: https://jeshields.com/product/scifi-asian-pilot-in-star-cruiser-yelling/
- Adam-42 / the Construct class: https://jeshields.com/product/scifi-bot/
- the Haunt class: https://jeshields.com/product/fantasy-bloody-ghost-with-knife-and-noose-cnb/
- the Hellspawn class: https://jeshields.com/product/modern-fantasy-nigerian-demon-slayer-with-supernatural-sword-cnb/

- the Speedster class (possible): https://jeshields.com/product/supers-quick-hero-in-solid-masks-runs-with-speed/
- the Totem class (possible): https://jeshields.com/product/supers-wolf-girl-with-collar-and-torn-clothes/

- The Falconer: https://jeshields.com/product/fantasy-female-falconer-with-dark-skin-cnb/

- The Yeoman (new teen hero): https://jeshields.com/product/scifi-archer-with-high-tech-bow-and-laser-arrow/

- Kaleidoscopic Kid (possible): https://jeshields.com/product/supers-teen-with-glowing-eyes-holds-skateboard-near-wall/

- Sandra Starr, Agent of A.L.E.R.T. (possible): https://jeshields.com/product/supers-woman-with-cybernetic-armor-and-blade/
- Sandra Starr, Agent of A.L.E.R.T. (older, possible): https://jeshields.com/product/modern-wealthy-woman-in-gloves-and-glasses-with-cigarette-cnb/
- Gloom, former Technopolis Academy student (possible): https://jeshields.com/product/supers-shadow-heroine-with-sword-and-shield/

- Lucky Star, Techno Academy graduate (needed?, possible): https://jeshields.com/product/supers-black-heroine-in-fighting-pose/

- Zaar (needed?, possible): https://jeshields.com/product/supers-asian-woman-with-electric-powers/
- Miss Magister: Maddie Dee (needed?, possible): https://jeshields.com/product/supers-asian-woman-with-electric-powers/
- Miss Magister: Maddie Dee (needed?, possible) https://jeshields.com/product/modern-elite-woman-in-fancy-dress-sings-or-chants-with-book-cnb/
- Bug (II, Mar Ferrandis, needed?, possible): https://jeshields.com/product/supers-miniature-insect-hero-leaping-cnb/
- Tethys: My'Rinn To'Rezz (needed?, possible): https://jeshields.com/product/scifi-alien-lady-in-dress-with-antennae-cnb/

Villains:

- Marquis Malice: https://jeshields.com/product/supers-hero-in-mask-with-glowing-eyes-and-cape-cnb/
- Sequana: https://jeshields.com/product/supers-vigilante-with-red-hair-in-hooded-cloak/

- Deathsong (possible): https://jeshields.com/product/fantasy-female-african-rock-bard-with-modified-kora-and-dreads-cnb/
- Teleidoscopic Man (possible): https://jeshields.com/product/supers-elderly-with-hypnotic-eyes/
- Glytch (possible): https://jeshields.com/product/supers-digital-hero-on-computer-surfboard/
- Gunlock (possible): https://jeshields.com/product/modern-girl-in-trenchcoat-with-revolver/
- Sinhammer: https://jeshields.com/product/supers-patriotic-superhero-with-hammer/
- The Verdict (possible): https://jeshields.com/product/supers-vigilante-in-striped-suit-with-tie/
- The Verdict (possible): https://jeshields.com/product/modern-trigger-man-with-beard-and-dual-pistols/
- The Verdict (possible): https://jeshields.com/product/scifi-standard-scifi-death-trooper-cnb/
- Xana Mega (possible): https://jeshields.com/product/fantasy-illusionist-casting-a-spell-of-illusions/
- Xana Mega (possible): https://jeshields.com/product/scifi-tattooed-female-diplomat-with-scepter-staff-and-beaded-hair-cnb/
- Sreng (possible): https://jeshields.com/product/fantasy-ogre-in-scale-mail-with-hammer-cane-cnb/
- Sreng (possible, antlers): https://jeshields.com/product/fantasy-wild-elf-with-moose-antlers-and-weapon-cnb/
- Balor (possible): https://jeshields.com/product/fantasy-fire-demon-with-elongated-limbs-and-antlers-and-boned-wings-cnb/
- Atomicorps (possible): https://jeshields.com/product/scifi-armored-female-combatant-with-energy-rifle/
- Dr. Pann, senior (possible): https://jeshields.com/product/modern-older-scientist-pours-liquid-from-glass-to-beaker-cnb/
- Dr. Pann, junior (possible): https://jeshields.com/product/scifi-tattooed-scientist-in-ripped-lab-coat/
- Igneia: (needed, possible): https://jeshields.com/product/fantasy-elemental-fire/
- Neutrino: (needed)

Commit message:

Worldbuilding
Far-Seeker, G.I. Dinosaurs, Foreigners, Interstellar Consortium of Civilizations

art-list.md, after:

Heroes:

- The Wheelman class: https://jeshields.com/product/scifi-asian-pilot-in-star-cruiser-yelling/
- Adam-42 / the Construct class: https://jeshields.com/product/scifi-bot/
- the Haunt class: https://jeshields.com/product/fantasy-bloody-ghost-with-knife-and-noose-cnb/
- the Hellspawn class: https://jeshields.com/product/modern-fantasy-nigerian-demon-slayer-with-supernatural-sword-cnb/
- the Expert class: https://jeshields.com/product/modern-asian-mercenary-with-pistol-and-flak-jacket-cnb/

- the Speedster class (possible): https://jeshields.com/product/supers-quick-hero-in-solid-masks-runs-with-speed/
- the Totem class (possible): https://jeshields.com/product/supers-wolf-girl-with-collar-and-torn-clothes/

- The Falconer: https://jeshields.com/product/fantasy-female-falconer-with-dark-skin-cnb/

- The Yeoman (new teen hero): https://jeshields.com/product/scifi-archer-with-high-tech-bow-and-laser-arrow/

- Kaleidoscopic Kid (possible): https://jeshields.com/product/supers-teen-with-glowing-eyes-holds-skateboard-near-wall/

- Sandra Starr, Agent of A.L.E.R.T. (possible): https://jeshields.com/product/supers-woman-with-cybernetic-armor-and-blade/
- Sandra Starr, Agent of A.L.E.R.T. (older, possible): https://jeshields.com/product/modern-wealthy-woman-in-gloves-and-glasses-with-cigarette-cnb/
- Gloom, former Technopolis Academy student (possible): https://jeshields.com/product/supers-shadow-heroine-with-sword-and-shield/

- Lucky Star, Techno Academy graduate (needed?, possible): https://jeshields.com/product/supers-black-heroine-in-fighting-pose/

- Zaar (needed?, possible): https://jeshields.com/product/supers-asian-woman-with-electric-powers/
- Miss Magister: Maddie Dee (needed?, possible): https://jeshields.com/product/supers-asian-woman-with-electric-powers/
- Miss Magister: Maddie Dee (needed?, possible) https://jeshields.com/product/modern-elite-woman-in-fancy-dress-sings-or-chants-with-book-cnb/
- Bug (II, Mar Ferrandis, needed?, possible): https://jeshields.com/product/supers-miniature-insect-hero-leaping-cnb/
- Tethys: My'Rinn To'Rezz (needed?, possible): https://jeshields.com/product/scifi-alien-lady-in-dress-with-antennae-cnb/

- Far-Seeker (N.J. Campbell, iconic expat): https://jeshields.com/product/scifi-douglas-female-with-tattoos-and-mohawk-cnb/ - love the mohawk for a Storm-ish look

Villains:

- Marquis Malice: https://jeshields.com/product/supers-hero-in-mask-with-glowing-eyes-and-cape-cnb/
- Sequana: https://jeshields.com/product/supers-vigilante-with-red-hair-in-hooded-cloak/

- Deathsong (possible): https://jeshields.com/product/fantasy-female-african-rock-bard-with-modified-kora-and-dreads-cnb/
- Teleidoscopic Man (possible): https://jeshields.com/product/supers-elderly-with-hypnotic-eyes/
- Glytch (possible): https://jeshields.com/product/supers-digital-hero-on-computer-surfboard/
- Gunlock (possible): https://jeshields.com/product/modern-girl-in-trenchcoat-with-revolver/
- Sinhammer: https://jeshields.com/product/supers-patriotic-superhero-with-hammer/
- The Verdict (possible): https://jeshields.com/product/supers-vigilante-in-striped-suit-with-tie/
- The Verdict (possible): https://jeshields.com/product/modern-trigger-man-with-beard-and-dual-pistols/
- The Verdict (possible): https://jeshields.com/product/scifi-standard-scifi-death-trooper-cnb/
- Xana Mega (possible): https://jeshields.com/product/fantasy-illusionist-casting-a-spell-of-illusions/
- Xana Mega (possible): https://jeshields.com/product/scifi-tattooed-female-diplomat-with-scepter-staff-and-beaded-hair-cnb/
- Sreng (possible): https://jeshields.com/product/fantasy-ogre-in-scale-mail-with-hammer-cane-cnb/
- Sreng (possible, antlers): https://jeshields.com/product/fantasy-wild-elf-with-moose-antlers-and-weapon-cnb/
- Balor (possible): https://jeshields.com/product/fantasy-fire-demon-with-elongated-limbs-and-antlers-and-boned-wings-cnb/
- Atomicorps (possible): https://jeshields.com/product/scifi-armored-female-combatant-with-energy-rifle/
- Dr. Pann, senior (possible): https://jeshields.com/product/modern-older-scientist-pours-liquid-from-glass-to-beaker-cnb/
- Dr. Pann, junior (possible): https://jeshields.com/product/scifi-tattooed-scientist-in-ripped-lab-coat/
- Igneia: (needed, possible): https://jeshields.com/product/fantasy-elemental-fire/
- Neutrino: (needed)
