src/powers/stunt.md, before:

# Power Stunts {#toc-power-stunts .colbefore}

A Power Stunt consists of two Power Words joined together, and unlike
a Power Display, a Stunt will affect the result of your next roll.
In addition, each use of a Stunt requires you to spend 1 point of Might.

When you use a Power Stunt, choose two words from your Power Words
and put them together in a two-word phrase, then describe what you're
hoping to accomplish with that Stunt. You can also describe
what the Stunt looks like, feels like, and any other sensory
effects.

After spending 1 Might on the Power Stunt, you can then make an
appropriate roll for your Power Stunt -- either to increase the
Teamwork Pool or to decrease one of the Goals in a Crisis. Add an
additional 1 Success to the Effectiveness of the roll based on your Stunt.

You don't have to come up with Power Stunts beforehand; instead,
you create them on the fly during a Crisis, blending together your
creativity with the ever-evolving situation in the game.

For example, if you have the Flight and Speed Power Words, you
could join those together for a Power Stunt with the phrase
"Flight Speed". Spending 1 point of Might on this Stunt
means that when you make a roll -- such as rolling your Adventure
Facet to Outwit a foe -- increases your roll's Effectiveness by
1 Success, even if you rolled 0 Successes.

Commit message:

Skills, Crisis, Dice in Pools

src/powers/stunt.md, after:

# Power Stunts {#toc-power-stunts .colbefore}

A Power Stunt consists of two Power Words joined together, and unlike
a Power Display, a Stunt will affect the result of your next roll.
In addition, each use of a Stunt requires you to spend 1 point of Might.

When you use a Power Stunt, choose two words from your Power Words
and put them together in a two-word phrase, then describe what you're
hoping to accomplish with that Stunt. You can also describe
what the Stunt looks like, feels like, and any other sensory
effects.

After spending 1 Might on the Power Stunt, you can then make an
appropriate roll for your Power Stunt -- either to increase the
Teamwork Pool or to decrease one of the Goals in a Crisis. Add an
additional die to the dice pool for each Power Word beyond the first.

You don't have to come up with Power Stunts beforehand; instead,
you create them on the fly during a Crisis, blending together your
creativity with the ever-evolving situation in the game.

For example, if you have the Flight and Speed Power Words, you
could join those together for a Power Stunt with the phrase
"Flight Speed". Spending 1 point of Might on this Stunt
means that when you make a roll -- such as rolling your Adventure
Facet to Outwit a foe -- increases the number of dice in your pool
by 1 die.
