src/powers/words.md, before:

## Using Personal Power Words {#toc-power-use-personal .colbefore}

[]{.lorem}

## Using Core Power Words {#toc-power-use-core .colbefore}

You can use one of your Core Power Words as a *third* Power Word 
in a Power Stunt. Doing so costs 1 additional point of Might, 
and adds another 1 Success to the Effectiveness of a roll.

By spending yet 1 *more* Might point you can add your *other* 
Core Power Word as a *fourth* Power Word in a Power Stunt. 
Collectively this gives a bonus of 3 Successes on the rolls
Effectiveness, but also costs you 3 Might points.

For example,  []{.lorem}

## Using Nova Power Words {#toc-power-use-nova .colbefore}

Once you've completed your hero's Motivations track, you unlock
your **Nova Power Words** and can use them until the end of 
the current Story Arc.

You can use one of your Nova Power Words as the *second* Power
Word in a Stunt without spending any Might; likewise, you can add 
use one as your contribution to a Combo for free. In both cases, the 
Nova Power Word still increases the roll's Effectiveness by 1 Success.

Using your *other* Nova Power Word in the same Power Stunt or
Power Combo requires spending 1 Might. 

For example, []{.lorem}

## Scene Power Words {#toc-power-use-scene}

Each scene has up to 6 Scene Power Words, chosen by the Editor.

You can use one Scene Power Word as a second Power Word in a 
Power Stunt without spending any Might; Scene Power Words are free, 
but they still contribute 1 Success to the Effectiveness of a roll.

Each Power Combo can also include one Scene Power Word for free, 
and it likewise increases the Effectiveness of that Combo.

For example, []{.lorem}

Commit message:

Skills, Crisis, Dice in Pools

src/powers/words.md, after:

## Using Personal Power Words {#toc-power-use-personal .colbefore}

[]{.lorem}

## Using Core Power Words {#toc-power-use-core .colbefore}

You can use one of your Core Power Words as a *third* Power Word 
in a Power Stunt. Doing so costs 1 additional point of Might, 
and adds another 1 die to the dice pool on your roll.

By spending yet 1 *more* Might point you can add your *other* 
Core Power Word as a *fourth* Power Word in a Power Stunt. 
Collectively this gives a bonus of 3 dice in the dice pool,
but also costs you 3 Might points.

For example,  []{.lorem}

## Using Nova Power Words {#toc-power-use-nova .colbefore}

Once you've completed your hero's Motivations track, you unlock
your **Nova Power Words** and can use them until the end of 
the current Story Arc.

You can use one of your Nova Power Words as the *second* Power
Word in a Stunt without spending any Might; likewise, you can add 
use one as your contribution to a Combo for free. In both cases, the 
Nova Power Word still increases the roll's dice pool by 1 die.

Using your *other* Nova Power Word in the same Power Stunt or
Power Combo requires spending 1 Might. 

For example, []{.lorem}

## Scene Power Words {#toc-power-use-scene}

Each scene has up to 6 Scene Power Words, chosen by the Editor.

You can use one Scene Power Word as a second Power Word in a 
Power Stunt without spending any Might; Scene Power Words are free, 
but they still contribute 1 die to the dice pool.

Each Power Combo can also include one Scene Power Word for free, 
and it likewise increases the dice pool of that Combo.

For example, []{.lorem}
