src/preface/ages_of_comics.md, before:

# The Ages of Comics

American comics fans and scholars divide the history of 
comics into four loosely defined "ages": the Golden Age, the
Silver Age, the Bronze Age, and the Modern Age.

The Golden Age - 1938 to 1956

:   The Golden Age started with the introduction of Superman
    and the concept of superheroes in general.
    Many of the most well-known characters, such as Wonder Woman 
    and Captain America, were created during the Golden Age.
  
    Some comics in the Golden Age were simplistic fun, while others 
    featured dark themes, shocking gore, and vile villains.  A lot of 
    Nazis were punched in those comics, which is always a good thing.
  
    Unfortunately, racism and sexism often were major themes in Golden 
    Age comics; examples of anti-Asian hatred are all too easy to find.

The Silver Age - 1956 to circa 1970

:   The Silver Age began when DC Comics created new versions of the Flash, 
    Green Lantern, and others, then the Justice League of America. 
    Marvel responded by creating the Fantastic Four, Spider-Man, 
    the Avengers, the Hulk, the X-Men, and more.
  
    The Silver Age also saw the creation of the Comics Code Authority,
    a self-censorship board created in the wake of a moral panic
    over the content of comics.
  
    Superhero comics in the Silver Age followed a long list of 
    restrictions banning everything from "horror" and "gore" 
    to "vampires" and "cannibalism". Heroes always won, villains 
    always lost, and authority figures were portrayed with respect -- 
    at least, that's what the Comics Code demanded.

The Bronze Age - ca. 1970 to ca. 1985

:   The Bronze Age is less distinctly defined chronologically, but was 
    a time when comics went through changes: becoming more socially 
    relevant and less restrained by the CCA. More on that later.
  
The Modern Age - ca. 1985 to present

:   The current age of comics is usually dated to 
    DC's *Crisis on Infinite Earths* and Marvel's *Secret Wars*.

    Modern superhero comics often feature antiheroes, complex
    storylines, and mature themes. Many of the older characters
    were revamped to more contemporary versions.

    The CCA also withered away to nothing as the major publishers
    increasingly created comics without the CCA seal on the cover.

Commit message:

TOC
Preface anchors, series sheet

src/preface/ages_of_comics.md, after:

# The Ages of Comics {#toc-preface-ages}

American comics fans and scholars divide the history of 
comics into four loosely defined "ages": the Golden Age, the
Silver Age, the Bronze Age, and the Modern Age.

[The Golden Age]{#toc-preface-ages-golden} - 1938 to 1956 

:   The Golden Age started with the introduction of Superman
    and the concept of superheroes in general.
    Many of the most well-known characters, such as Wonder Woman 
    and Captain America, were created during the Golden Age.
  
    Some comics in the Golden Age were simplistic fun, while others 
    featured dark themes, shocking gore, and vile villains.  A lot of 
    Nazis were punched in those comics, which is always a good thing.
  
    Unfortunately, racism and sexism often were major themes in Golden 
    Age comics; examples of anti-Asian hatred are all too easy to find.

[The Silver Age]{#toc-preface-ages-silver} - 1956 to circa 1970 

:   The Silver Age began when DC Comics created new versions of the Flash, 
    Green Lantern, and others, then the Justice League of America. 
    Marvel responded by creating the Fantastic Four, Spider-Man, 
    the Avengers, the Hulk, the X-Men, and more.
  
    The Silver Age also saw the creation of the Comics Code Authority,
    a self-censorship board created in the wake of a moral panic
    over the content of comics.
  
    Superhero comics in the Silver Age followed a long list of 
    restrictions banning everything from "horror" and "gore" 
    to "vampires" and "cannibalism". Heroes always won, villains 
    always lost, and authority figures were portrayed with respect -- 
    at least, that's what the Comics Code demanded.

[The Bronze Age]{#toc-preface-ages-bronze} - ca. 1970 to ca. 1985

:   The Bronze Age is less distinctly defined chronologically, but was 
    a time when comics went through changes: becoming more socially 
    relevant and less restrained by the CCA. More on that later.
  
[The Modern Age]{#toc-preface-ages-modern} - ca. 1985 to present

:   The current age of comics is usually dated to the end of
    DC's *Crisis on Infinite Earths* and Marvel's *Secret Wars*.

    Modern superhero comics often feature antiheroes, complex
    storylines, and mature themes. Many of the older characters
    were revamped to more contemporary versions.

    The CCA also withered away to irrelevancy as the major publishers
    increasingly often published comics without the CCA seal on the cover.
