src/chargen/fighting_style.md, before:

# Fighting Style {#toc-fighting-style }

Your hero specializes in one style of fighting, whether they attack 
with their fists or their powers. Those styles are:

::::::::: { .chargen-list .breakable } ::::::::::::::::::::::::::::
- **Acrobat**        Reduce by 1 the cost to counter a Crisis move targeting only you.
- **Ace**            Add 2 dice when you use a Vehicle power word to roll to advance any goal.
- **Brawler**        Add 2 dice when you use an unarmed attack to advance the Smash goal.
- **Controller**     Add 2 dice when you use a Power to advance the Outwit goal.
- **Demolisher**     Add 2 dice when you roll to advance the Smash Goal.
- **Find Weakness**  Add 2 dice when you roll with Suspense to advance the Smash Goal.
- **Frenzy**         Add 2 dice when you use any Personal power word to advance the Smash Goal.
- **Guerilla**       Add 2 dice when you use a Scene power word to roll to advance any goal or add to the Teamwork Pool.
- **Interceptor**    Reduce by 1 the cost to Take the Hit for someone else.
- **Inspiration**    Add 2 dice when you roll to add to the Teamwork Pool or advance the Allay goal.
- **Harrier**        Add 2 dice when you use a Flight power word to roll to advance the Outwit goal.
- **Jester**         Add 2 dice when you use humor to advance the Outwit goal against someone less funny than you.
- **Martial Artist** Add 2 dice when you use an unarmed attack to advance the Outwit goal.
- **Makeshift Weapons** Add 2 dice when you use a scene power word to advance the Smash goal.
- **Meteor**         Add 2 dice when you use an unarmed attack to advance the Smash goal against someone who is slower than you.
- **Mediator**       Add 2 dice when you roll to advance the Allay Goal.
- **Medic**          Add 2 dice when you roll to advance the Rescue or Allay goals.
- **Rescuer**        Add 2 dice when you roll to advance the Rescue Goal.
- **Sharpshooter**   Add 2 dice when you use a ranged Weapon to advance the Smash goal.
- **Tactician**      Add 2 dice when you roll to add to the Teamwork Pool.
- **Warlord**        Whenever any hero rolls to add to the Teamwork Pool, they increase the effectiveness of their roll by the Volume as long as they can see or hear you.
- **Weapon Master**  Add 2 dice when you use a melee Weapon power word to roll to advance the Outwit goal.
::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

If you choose the Knight class, you get to pick an additional fighting style before Volume One.

Commit message:

Miscellaneous Updates
Generic Pet ability, Non-Combatant fighting style, minor tweaks in Knight, Mage, and Totem

src/chargen/fighting_style.md, after:

# Fighting Style {#toc-fighting-style }

Your hero specializes in one style of fighting, whether they attack 
with their fists or their powers. Those styles are:

::::::::: { .chargen-list .breakable } ::::::::::::::::::::::::::::
- **Acrobat**        Reduce by 1 the cost to counter a Crisis move targeting only you.
- **Ace**            Add 2 dice when you use a Vehicle power word to roll to advance any goal.
- **Brawler**        Add 2 dice when you use an unarmed attack to advance the Smash goal.
- **Controller**     Add 2 dice when you use a Power to advance the Outwit goal.
- **Demolisher**     Add 2 dice when you roll to advance the Smash Goal.
- **Find Weakness**  Add 2 dice when you roll with Suspense to advance the Smash Goal.
- **Frenzy**         Add 2 dice when you use any Personal power word to advance the Smash Goal.
- **Guerilla**       Add 2 dice when you use a Scene power word to roll to advance any goal or add to the Teamwork Pool.
- **Interceptor**    Reduce by 1 the cost to Take the Hit for someone else.
- **Inspiration**    Add 2 dice when you roll to add to the Teamwork Pool or advance the Allay goal.
- **Harrier**        Add 2 dice when you use a Flight power word to roll to advance the Outwit goal.
- **Jester**         Add 2 dice when you use humor to advance the Outwit goal against someone less funny than you.
- **Martial Artist** Add 2 dice when you use an unarmed attack to advance the Outwit goal.
- **Makeshift Weapons** Add 2 dice when you use a scene power word to advance the Smash goal.
- **Meteor**         Add 2 dice when you use an unarmed attack to advance the Smash goal against someone who is slower than you.
- **Mediator**       Add 2 dice when you roll to advance the Allay Goal.
- **Medic**          Add 2 dice when you roll to advance the Rescue or Allay goals.
- **Non-Combatant**  You aren't skilled at fighting, but somehow manage to avoid the worst of a fight. You can spend 1 Might or 1 Success from the Teamwork Pool to counter any Crisis Move affecting only you.
- **Rescuer**        Add 2 dice when you roll to advance the Rescue Goal.
- **Sharpshooter**   Add 2 dice when you use a ranged Weapon to advance the Smash goal.
- **Tactician**      Add 2 dice when you roll to add to the Teamwork Pool.
- **Warlord**        Whenever any hero rolls to add to the Teamwork Pool, they increase the effectiveness of their roll by the Volume as long as they can see or hear you.
- **Weapon Master**  Add 2 dice when you use a melee Weapon power word to roll to advance the Outwit goal.
::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

If you choose the Knight class, you get to pick an additional fighting style before Volume One.
