src/chargen/generic_abilities.md, before:

::::::::::::::::::: { .classdata } :::::::::::
# [Generic Hero Abilities]{#toc-generic }

Each Volume, you gain a new ability from your class.
Instead of taking a Class Ability, you can choose a Generic
Hero Ability from the following lists.

## Generic Hero Abilities

These are abilities that can be taken by any Hero of the Ability's
Volume score or higher, regardless of the Hero's class.
Each ability can be chosen only once.

### Volume 1 Generic Hero Abilities {#list-generic-hero-abilities-v1}

At the start of Volume 1, choose two abilities from this list or from
your Class's Volume 1 Class Ability List.

::::: {.ability-list .v1 } ::::::::::

Arsenal
:   *Prerequisite: You can't have another __Arsenal__ Ability.*

    At the start of each Storyline, pick a number of Power Words
    from the Inventor or Knight Personal Power Words Lists
    equal to the Volume.

    You can use each such Power Word as a Core Power Word once
    during the current Storyline without paying any Might.
    This is an *Arsenal* Ability.

Break the Fourth Wall
:   Your hero knows they're in a comic book -- or, if you'd like, in a 
    tabletop roleplaying game based on a comic book. (Or possibly even in
    a movie or television show based on a superhero comic book.)

    When you roll to advance the Outwit goal, if you reference this
    meta-knowledge in a nonsensical way, count all 4s, 5s, or 6s as 
    successes.

Dependable Allies
:   You have a network of normal people upon whom you can rely for help. While 
    they're not quite at the level of a Knight or an Expert, they all have 
    at least one special talent that assists you in fighting crime, and are
    sworn to keep your secrets (if you have any).

    Included with this Ability is a reliable and discreet way to contact your
    allies. As a Move during the Hero Phase of a Crisis, you can spend 1 Might
    to contact one or all of your Dependable Allies.

    When you first gain this Ability, create a list of allies, with a number of
    entries on the list equal to the Volume. Add an additional ally before each
    subsequent Volume.

    Each ally is defined by three qualities: First, their name. Secondly, their
    favored Approach. And thirdly, a Skill that defines their expertise and/or
    "day job."

    For example, you could create a photojournalist named James Bartholomew and
    assign him "Action" as a favored Approach, and Journalist as his skill.

    Any ally you call in has a score of 1 for all Approaches save their favored
    Approach (which is a 4), a maximum Might score equal to the Volume, and a
    maximum Health score equal to the Volume.

    Without spending any Might to contact one or more Dependable Allies, you
    can freely propose a Vignette between your Hero and one of your Allies.

Digital Interface
:   You can connect to any computerized machine or network. When you gain 
    this Ability, you may decide if you need to touch the machine or if you
    can do it with any machine you can see. If you choose the latter, you can
    also decide whether this Ability applies to wireless or cellular networks.

    Add the word "Interface" as a Core Power Word, and the Hacker skill (if you
    don't already have it.) Whenever you make a roll for
    a Power Display, Stunt, or Combo that uses the "Interface" Power Word, add 
    the current Volume to the roll's Effectiveness. You can also do this whenever
    you make a Hacking skill roll that uses your Digital Interface.

    If you have to touch a machine to use your Digital Interface, add an 
    additional success to the roll's Effectiveness. If you are accessing wireless
    and/or cellular networks, you can make a Hacking roll at the start of each
    Hero Phase to search for public information -- without using your move for 
    that Hero Phase to make the roll.

Hero Cave
:   *Prerequisite: You can't have another __Hero Cave__ Ability.*
    You have a hidden location that is your personal base of operations.
    Add 2 dice whenever you make a skill roll while in your Hero Cave.
    Choose two Scene Power Words from the following Hero Cave Power Words
    List:

    ::: cpw :::::::::::::::::
    #### Hero Cave Power Words List {#list-hero-cave-power-words}

    - Analysis
    - Arsenal
    - Beds
    - Cell
    - Communication
    - Computer
    - Costume
    - Crime
    - Database
    - Dark
    - Defenses
    - Dinosaur
    - Dock
    - Entertainment
    - Exit
    - Extra
    - Fountain
    - Garage
    - Globe
    - Hangar
    - Hidden
    - Kitchen
    - Laboratory
    - Library
    - Map
    - Medical
    - Memorial
    - Observatory
    - Passage
    - Penny
    - Portal
    - Repairs
    - Reinforced
    - Robot
    - Secure
    - Secret
    - Sensors
    - Shelter
    - Shielded
    - Statue
    - Storage
    - Studio
    - Toys
    - Trophy
    - Tunnel
    - Underground
    - Wealth
    - Weapon
    - Zoo
    :::::::::::::::::::::::::

    This is a *Hero Cave* Ability.

Hero Without Fear
:   You are completely fearless. If you are exposed to any fear-
    based effects, spend 1 Might to counter that use for you only.
    Your lack of fear lets you take risks to save others without
    concern for your own safety: You can choose to add 2 dice when 
    you roll to advance the Rescue goal. If you do, lose 1 Health 
    or 1 Might after resolving the roll.

Local Hero
:   You and your home town are nearly synonymous. 
    You know the geography of the city like the back of your hand. 
    Add the name of your city as a single Core Power Word.
    Add 2 dice whenever you make a skill roll related to the city. 
    While you're in your home city, add 2 dice when you roll to advance 
    the Allay or Rescue goals.

    *Repetition* You can take this Ability more than once. When you do, 
    choose another city covered by this Ability.

Three-Point Landing
:   You can pull off the classic "superhero landing" with practiced 
    ease.
    Whenever you make a roll at the end of a Crisis Countdown to 
    create the Teamwork Pool, or a roll for the 
    [Timely Arrival move](#toc-crisis-timely), any roll of 3 counts
    as a success as long as you describe a badass three-point 
    landing as part of your arrival on the scene.
    
Well-Connected
:   *Prerequisite: You can't have the __Local Hero__ Generic Ability.*
    You've regularly teamed up with a wide variety of super-heroes and are
    well known in the heroic community. As such, you can usually get in touch
    with any given hero who has specific talents that might be required for
    a Crisis.

    Whenever you roll to create the initial Teamwork Pool, add 1 additional
    success to the Pool for each Hero who is present and who isn't a regular
    teammate or partner, up to a maximum number of additional successes equaling
    the Volume.

:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

### Volume 2 Generic Hero Abilities {#list-generic-hero-abilities-v2}

At the start of Volume 2, choose an ability from this list or the Volume 1 list.

:::::::: {.ability-list .v2 } :::::::

Chameleon
:   You can change your physical features to match any person you've
    ever met, or a combination of such features. This could be a result of
    shapechanging, image induction technologies, or simply preternatural
    skill with a disguise kit.

    Add "Disguise" as a Core Power Word.

    When you use "Disguise" in a Power Display, Power Stunt, or
    Power Combo roll to advance the Outwit goal, add 2 to the 
    Effectiveness of that roll.

Cover Identity
:   You have a well-established cover identity that hides your secrets, 
    whatever those may be. Choose a name for that identity; you have 
    identification and other documentation for that identity, and you appear 
    credible in databases and online searches.

    Add "Secret" as a Core Power Word.  When you use "Secret" in a Power 
    Display, Stunt, or Combo roll to advance the Outwit goal, or when you
    make a skill roll using the Spy skill, add 2 to the Effectiveness of 
    that roll. You can only do this as long as you are in your cover identity,
    and not your true identity.

    *Repetition* You can take this Ability more than once. When you do, 
    create an additional cover identity.

    *Note* You can combine the *Chameleon* and *Cover Identity* Abilities to
    add a total of 4 successes to a roll's Effectiveness to outwit someone.

Eidetic Memory
:   You have what's sometimes called *photographic memory* -- you have perfect
    recall of anything you see, hear, read, or otherwise experience.
    Add 3 dice when you make a skill roll related to memory or knowledge.

Fighting Pose
:   You're a poser.

    You have a trademark "thing" you do during a fight -- with your
    hair, your jaw, your hands on your hips, or whatever else you
    decide makes a good aesthetics-only signature pose -- that shows 
    everyone you really mean business.

    Add the word "Signature" as a Core Power Word. When you use "Signature" as 
    a Power Word in a Power Display, Stunt, or Combo, add an additional 1 
    success to the roll's Effectiveness.

    If you're somehow disguised, using this ability breaks your disguise and 
    reveals your true identity to anyone who would be familiar with your 
    fighting style. Which could be anyone, if you're famous.

:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

### Volume 3 Generic Hero Abilities {#list-generic-hero-abilities-v3}

At the start of Volume 3, choose an ability from this list or any previous list.

:::::::: {.ability-list .v3 } :::::::
Ageless

:   ***Special Note:** If you are of the __Construct__, __Divine__,
    __Haunt__, or __Hellspawn__ classes, you can take an additional
    Ability of Volume 3 or lower when you select this Ability. That
    free ability must be one you could normally choose; i.e., from your
    class or a generic ability, for which you qualify.*

    You can add *Ageless* as a Personal Power Word.

    You don't age over time -- or if you do, you only do so very slowly. 
    Your natural lifespan, if you are indeed alive, is measured in 
    hundreds or thousands of years.

    Once per Crisis, you can counter any aging-associated Crisis Move 
    that affects you without spending any Might or successes from the 
    Teamwork Pool. For example, you can ignore an "old age ray" from a 
    time-themed supervillain.

    It's possible that you're hundreds or even thousands of years old.
    If you decide that you're over 100 years old, add the Historian
    skill for free.

Superhero Soundtrack

:   You have a theme song, or at least, a set of songs that inspire
    your hero to action. Pick a number of songs equal to the Volume that
    you feel fit your hero. Add an additional song at the start of each
    subsequent Volume.

    Once per Crisis you can mark off one of those songs to add 2 dice to any 
    single roll that is thematically connected with the song you're using
    or your hero's current situation.

    If your hero has the ability to generate and/or play music -- such as
    having the Performer skill or speakers in a suit of armor or vehicle -- 
    then you can choose to have that song of the soundtrack be *diegetic*,
    meaning it exists within the fiction: your hero and those around them
    are *literally* hearing that song. If you declare the song to be 
    diegetic, add 1 success to the Effectiveness of your roll.

    If you have the ability to produce the song at the gaming table, such as
    on a cell phone or laptop (or you're just a good singer), and the rest of
    your party consents, you can play (or sing) the song and add 1 success to
    the Teamwork Pool. You can combine this with declaring the song to
    be diegetic, for a total of 1 extra success added to the Effectiveness
    of the roll and 1 success added to the Teamwork Pool.

Weirdness Magnet

:   Strange things happen around you *all the time*. This means you
    are more likely to be on the scene whenever a Crisis breaks out!

    If your hero isn't present at the start of a Crisis, you can
    spend 1 Might during the *Teamwork Pool - Assemble!* phase of the
    *Countdown to Crisis* to say that you've been there the whole time --
    because you were drawn to the Crisis before other heroes were even
    aware it's a thing.

    If you use this Ability, add 3 dice when you roll to create the initial 
    Teamwork Pool.

:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

### Volume 4 Generic Hero Abilities {#list-generic-hero-abilities-v4}

At the start of Volume 4, choose an ability from this list or any previous list.

:::::::: {.ability-list .v4 } :::::::
Arch-Enemy

:   *Prerequisite: If you have the __Rogues' Gallery__ Class Ability, your 
    Arch-Enemy __cannot__ be part of it.*

    You have one particular opponent who returns time after time to bedevil you
    and the innocent people of the world. This villain could be just a dark 
    copy of yourself, with nearly identical abilities, or their own powers,
    skills, and abilities could be the complement of yours -- strong where you
    are weak, weak where you are strongest.

    At the start of a Crisis, you can choose to declare that your arch-enemy is
    the source of the Crisis. Whenever you do, the Editor describes their role 
    in that Crisis.

    Because of your familiarity in opposing each other, you add 2 to the 
    Effectiveness of any roll you make to advance one of the goals opposed by
    that member of your Rogues' Gallery. You also add 2 to the Effectiveness
    of any Skill roll that could benefit from your familiarity with these
    dastardly criminals, such as gathering clues to their current motives or 
    analyzing any equipment you've confiscated from them.
    
    In addition, increase by 1 the cost from the Teamwork Pool to avoid any 
    Crisis Move that is directed only at you -- they're *prepared* for your 
    interference, accursed do-gooder!

    Each time that you (personally) advance a goal during that Crisis, you can
    choose to mark one or two of your unmarked Ideals.

    *Repetition:* You can take this ability more than once. Each time you do,
    create a new arch-enemy. Only one arch-enemy can show up during any given
    Crisis.

Rogues' Gallery

:   *Prerequisite: If you have the __Arch Enemy__ Class Ability, your 
    Arch-Enemy __cannot__ be part of your Rogues' Gallery.*

    You have a consistent set of foes against whom you regularly strive, and
    a kind of gruding, love-hate, quasi-professional relationship has arisen 
    between you and the members of your Rogues' Gallery.

    When you gain this Ability, create a list with a number of supervillain
    names equal the Volume, who are members of your Rogues' Gallery. You've
    clashed with them in the past, and will do so again in the future.

    Keep a copy of this list for yourself, then make an extra copy and give 
    it to the Editor. Add another name to the list before each subsequent 
    Volume, and inform your Editor so their copy of the list can be kept in
    sync with yours.

    At the start of a Crisis, you can choose to declare that a member of your 
    Rogues' Gallery is the source of the Crisis. Whenever you do, the Editor 
    selects a member from the list and describes their role in that Crisis.

    Because of your familiarity in opposing each other, you add 1 to the 
    Effectiveness of any roll you make to advance one of the goals opposed by
    that member of your Rogues' Gallery. You also add 1 to the Effectiveness
    of any Skill roll that could benefit from your familiarity with this 
    dastardly criminal, such as gathering clues to their current motives or 
    analyzing any equipment you've confiscated from them.
    
    In addition, increase by 2 the cost from the Teamwork Pool to avoid any 
    Crisis Move that is directed only at you -- they're *prepared* for your 
    interference, accursed do-gooder!

    Each time that you (personally) advance a goal during that Crisis, you can
    choose to mark one of your unmarked Ideals.

:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

### Volume 5 Generic Hero Abilities {#list-generic-hero-abilities-v5}

At the start of Volume 5, choose an ability from this list or any previous list.

:::::: {.ability-list .v5 }::::::::::
TBD

:   To be determined.

TBD

:   To be determined.

:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

Commit message:

Miscellaneous Updates
Generic Pet ability, Non-Combatant fighting style, minor tweaks in Knight, Mage, and Totem

src/chargen/generic_abilities.md, after:

::::::::::::::::::: { .classdata } :::::::::::
# [Generic Hero Abilities]{#toc-generic }

Each Volume, you gain a new ability from your class.
Instead of taking a Class Ability, you can choose a Generic
Hero Ability from the following lists.

## Generic Hero Abilities

These are abilities that can be taken by any Hero of the Ability's
Volume score or higher, regardless of the Hero's class.
Each ability can be chosen only once.

### Volume 1 Generic Hero Abilities {#list-generic-hero-abilities-v1}

At the start of Volume 1, choose two abilities from this list or from
your Class's Volume 1 Class Ability List.

::::: {.ability-list .v1 } ::::::::::

Arsenal
:   *Prerequisite: You can't have another __Arsenal__ Ability.*

    At the start of each Storyline, pick a number of Power Words
    from the Inventor or Knight Personal Power Words Lists
    equal to the Volume.

    You can use each such Power Word as a Core Power Word once
    during the current Storyline without paying any Might.
    This is an *Arsenal* Ability.

Break the Fourth Wall
:   Your hero knows they're in a comic book -- or, if you'd like, in a 
    tabletop roleplaying game based on a comic book. (Or possibly even in
    a movie or television show based on a superhero comic book.)

    When you roll to advance the Outwit goal, if you reference this
    meta-knowledge in a nonsensical way, count all 4s, 5s, or 6s as 
    successes.

Dependable Allies
:   You have a network of normal people upon whom you can rely for help. While 
    they're not quite at the level of a Knight or an Expert, they all have 
    at least one special talent that assists you in fighting crime, and are
    sworn to keep your secrets (if you have any).

    Included with this Ability is a reliable and discreet way to contact your
    allies. As a Move during the Hero Phase of a Crisis, you can spend 1 Might
    to contact one or all of your Dependable Allies.

    When you first gain this Ability, create a list of allies, with a number of
    entries on the list equal to the Volume. Add an additional ally before each
    subsequent Volume.

    Each ally is defined by three qualities: First, their name. Secondly, their
    favored Approach. And thirdly, a Skill that defines their expertise and/or
    "day job."

    For example, you could create a photojournalist named James Bartholomew and
    assign him "Action" as a favored Approach, and Journalist as his skill.

    Any ally you call in has a score of 1 for all Approaches save their favored
    Approach (which is a 4), a maximum Might score equal to the Volume, and a
    maximum Health score equal to the Volume.

    Without spending any Might to contact one or more Dependable Allies, you
    can freely propose a Vignette between your Hero and one of your Allies.

Digital Interface
:   You can connect to any computerized machine or network. When you gain 
    this Ability, you may decide if you need to touch the machine or if you
    can do it with any machine you can see. If you choose the latter, you can
    also decide whether this Ability applies to wireless or cellular networks.

    Add the word "Interface" as a Core Power Word, and the Hacker skill (if you
    don't already have it.) Whenever you make a roll for
    a Power Display, Stunt, or Combo that uses the "Interface" Power Word, add 
    the current Volume to the roll's Effectiveness. You can also do this whenever
    you make a Hacking skill roll that uses your Digital Interface.

    If you have to touch a machine to use your Digital Interface, add an 
    additional success to the roll's Effectiveness. If you are accessing wireless
    and/or cellular networks, you can make a Hacking roll at the start of each
    Hero Phase to search for public information -- without using your move for 
    that Hero Phase to make the roll.

Faithful Pet
:   *Prerequisite: You can't have another __Pet__ Ability.*
    You have a pet, that may or may not be more intelligent than other creatures
    of its type.

    This animal partner has three Core Power Words -- one chosen from the
    Totem Class's Totem Nature Power Words List, representing the animal
    form of your pet -- and two others from the Totem Class's Personal Power
    Words List. You can use each of these Core Power Words for free, once
    per Hero Phase, whenever your pet is present at a Crisis.

    Whenever you pick a new Personal Power Word, you can instead choose a
    new Core Power Word for your pet, from the Totem Class's Personal Power
    Words list.

    Your pet's Health and Might are equal to the Volume.
    Your pet's approaches are all 1, except for one Approach of your choice
    that is a 4.
    Choose one Skill possessed by your pet and a Fighting Style. You can use
    that Skill or Fighting Style whenever your pet is present at a 
    Crisis.

    During any Hero Phase, either your hero can make a move or your pet
    can make a move -- not both.

    This is a *Pet* Ability.

Hero Cave
:   *Prerequisite: You can't have another __Hero Cave__ Ability.*
    You have a hidden location that is your personal base of operations.
    Add 2 dice whenever you make a skill roll while in your Hero Cave.
    Choose two Scene Power Words from the following Hero Cave Power Words
    List:

    ::: cpw :::::::::::::::::
    #### Hero Cave Power Words List {#list-hero-cave-power-words}

    - Analysis
    - Arsenal
    - Beds
    - Cell
    - Communication
    - Computer
    - Costume
    - Crime
    - Database
    - Dark
    - Defenses
    - Dinosaur
    - Dock
    - Entertainment
    - Exit
    - Extra
    - Fountain
    - Garage
    - Globe
    - Hangar
    - Hidden
    - Kitchen
    - Laboratory
    - Library
    - Map
    - Medical
    - Memorial
    - Observatory
    - Passage
    - Penny
    - Portal
    - Repairs
    - Reinforced
    - Robot
    - Secure
    - Secret
    - Sensors
    - Shelter
    - Shielded
    - Statue
    - Storage
    - Studio
    - Toys
    - Trophy
    - Tunnel
    - Underground
    - Wealth
    - Weapon
    - Zoo
    :::::::::::::::::::::::::

    This is a *Hero Cave* Ability.

Hero Without Fear
:   You are completely fearless. If you are exposed to any fear-
    based effects, spend 1 Might to counter that use for you only.
    Your lack of fear lets you take risks to save others without
    concern for your own safety: You can choose to add 2 dice when 
    you roll to advance the Rescue goal. If you do, lose 1 Health 
    or 1 Might after resolving the roll.

Local Hero
:   You and your home town are nearly synonymous. 
    You know the geography of the city like the back of your hand. 
    Add the name of your city as a single Core Power Word.
    Add 2 dice whenever you make a skill roll related to the city. 
    While you're in your home city, add 2 dice when you roll to advance 
    the Allay or Rescue goals.

    *Repetition* You can take this Ability more than once. When you do, 
    choose another city covered by this Ability.

Three-Point Landing
:   You can pull off the classic "superhero landing" with practiced 
    ease.
    Whenever you make a roll at the end of a Crisis Countdown to 
    create the Teamwork Pool, or a roll for the 
    [Timely Arrival move](#toc-crisis-timely), any roll of 3 counts
    as a success as long as you describe a badass three-point 
    landing as part of your arrival on the scene.
    
Well-Connected
:   *Prerequisite: You can't have the __Local Hero__ Generic Ability.*
    You've regularly teamed up with a wide variety of super-heroes and are
    well known in the heroic community. As such, you can usually get in touch
    with any given hero who has specific talents that might be required for
    a Crisis.

    Whenever you roll to create the initial Teamwork Pool, add 1 additional
    success to the Pool for each Hero who is present and who isn't a regular
    teammate or partner, up to a maximum number of additional successes equaling
    the Volume.

:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

### Volume 2 Generic Hero Abilities {#list-generic-hero-abilities-v2}

At the start of Volume 2, choose an ability from this list or the Volume 1 list.

:::::::: {.ability-list .v2 } :::::::

Chameleon
:   You can change your physical features to match any person you've
    ever met, or a combination of such features. This could be a result of
    shapechanging, image induction technologies, or simply preternatural
    skill with a disguise kit.

    Add "Disguise" as a Core Power Word.

    When you use "Disguise" in a Power Display, Power Stunt, or
    Power Combo roll to advance the Outwit goal, add 2 to the 
    Effectiveness of that roll.

Cover Identity
:   You have a well-established cover identity that hides your secrets, 
    whatever those may be. Choose a name for that identity; you have 
    identification and other documentation for that identity, and you appear 
    credible in databases and online searches.

    Add "Secret" as a Core Power Word.  When you use "Secret" in a Power 
    Display, Stunt, or Combo roll to advance the Outwit goal, or when you
    make a skill roll using the Spy skill, add 2 to the Effectiveness of 
    that roll. You can only do this as long as you are in your cover identity,
    and not your true identity.

    *Repetition* You can take this Ability more than once. When you do, 
    create an additional cover identity.

    *Note* You can combine the *Chameleon* and *Cover Identity* Abilities to
    add a total of 4 successes to a roll's Effectiveness to outwit someone.

Eidetic Memory
:   You have what's sometimes called *photographic memory* -- you have perfect
    recall of anything you see, hear, read, or otherwise experience.
    Add 3 dice when you make a skill roll related to memory or knowledge.

Fighting Pose
:   You're a poser.

    You have a trademark "thing" you do during a fight -- with your
    hair, your jaw, your hands on your hips, or whatever else you
    decide makes a good aesthetics-only signature pose -- that shows 
    everyone you really mean business.

    Add the word "Signature" as a Core Power Word. When you use "Signature" as 
    a Power Word in a Power Display, Stunt, or Combo, add an additional 1 
    success to the roll's Effectiveness.

    If you're somehow disguised, using this ability breaks your disguise and 
    reveals your true identity to anyone who would be familiar with your 
    fighting style. Which could be anyone, if you're famous.

:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

### Volume 3 Generic Hero Abilities {#list-generic-hero-abilities-v3}

At the start of Volume 3, choose an ability from this list or any previous list.

:::::::: {.ability-list .v3 } :::::::
Ageless

:   ***Special Note:** If you are of the __Construct__, __Divine__,
    __Haunt__, or __Hellspawn__ classes, you can take an additional
    Ability of Volume 3 or lower when you select this Ability. That
    free ability must be one you could normally choose; i.e., from your
    class or a generic ability, for which you qualify.*

    You can add *Ageless* as a Personal Power Word.

    You don't age over time -- or if you do, you only do so very slowly. 
    Your natural lifespan, if you are indeed alive, is measured in 
    hundreds or thousands of years.

    Once per Crisis, you can counter any aging-associated Crisis Move 
    that affects you without spending any Might or successes from the 
    Teamwork Pool. For example, you can ignore an "old age ray" from a 
    time-themed supervillain.

    It's possible that you're hundreds or even thousands of years old.
    If you decide that you're over 100 years old, add the Historian
    skill for free.

Superhero Soundtrack

:   You have a theme song, or at least, a set of songs that inspire
    your hero to action. Pick a number of songs equal to the Volume that
    you feel fit your hero. Add an additional song at the start of each
    subsequent Volume.

    Once per Crisis you can mark off one of those songs to add 2 dice to any 
    single roll that is thematically connected with the song you're using
    or your hero's current situation.

    If your hero has the ability to generate and/or play music -- such as
    having the Performer skill or speakers in a suit of armor or vehicle -- 
    then you can choose to have that song of the soundtrack be *diegetic*,
    meaning it exists within the fiction: your hero and those around them
    are *literally* hearing that song. If you declare the song to be 
    diegetic, add 1 success to the Effectiveness of your roll.

    If you have the ability to produce the song at the gaming table, such as
    on a cell phone or laptop (or you're just a good singer), and the rest of
    your party consents, you can play (or sing) the song and add 1 success to
    the Teamwork Pool. You can combine this with declaring the song to
    be diegetic, for a total of 1 extra success added to the Effectiveness
    of the roll and 1 success added to the Teamwork Pool.

Weirdness Magnet

:   Strange things happen around you *all the time*. This means you
    are more likely to be on the scene whenever a Crisis breaks out!

    If your hero isn't present at the start of a Crisis, you can
    spend 1 Might during the *Teamwork Pool - Assemble!* phase of the
    *Countdown to Crisis* to say that you've been there the whole time --
    because you were drawn to the Crisis before other heroes were even
    aware it's a thing.

    If you use this Ability, add 3 dice when you roll to create the initial 
    Teamwork Pool.

:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

### Volume 4 Generic Hero Abilities {#list-generic-hero-abilities-v4}

At the start of Volume 4, choose an ability from this list or any previous list.

:::::::: {.ability-list .v4 } :::::::
Arch-Enemy

:   *Prerequisite: If you have the __Rogues' Gallery__ Class Ability, your 
    Arch-Enemy __cannot__ be part of it.*

    You have one particular opponent who returns time after time to bedevil you
    and the innocent people of the world. This villain could be just a dark 
    copy of yourself, with nearly identical abilities, or their own powers,
    skills, and abilities could be the complement of yours -- strong where you
    are weak, weak where you are strongest.

    At the start of a Crisis, you can choose to declare that your arch-enemy is
    the source of the Crisis. Whenever you do, the Editor describes their role 
    in that Crisis.

    Because of your familiarity in opposing each other, you add 2 to the 
    Effectiveness of any roll you make to advance one of the goals opposed by
    that member of your Rogues' Gallery. You also add 2 to the Effectiveness
    of any Skill roll that could benefit from your familiarity with these
    dastardly criminals, such as gathering clues to their current motives or 
    analyzing any equipment you've confiscated from them.
    
    In addition, increase by 1 the cost from the Teamwork Pool to avoid any 
    Crisis Move that is directed only at you -- they're *prepared* for your 
    interference, accursed do-gooder!

    Each time that you (personally) advance a goal during that Crisis, you can
    choose to mark one or two of your unmarked Ideals.

    *Repetition:* You can take this ability more than once. Each time you do,
    create a new arch-enemy. Only one arch-enemy can show up during any given
    Crisis.

Rogues' Gallery

:   *Prerequisite: If you have the __Arch Enemy__ Class Ability, your 
    Arch-Enemy __cannot__ be part of your Rogues' Gallery.*

    You have a consistent set of foes against whom you regularly strive, and
    a kind of gruding, love-hate, quasi-professional relationship has arisen 
    between you and the members of your Rogues' Gallery.

    When you gain this Ability, create a list with a number of supervillain
    names equal the Volume, who are members of your Rogues' Gallery. You've
    clashed with them in the past, and will do so again in the future.

    Keep a copy of this list for yourself, then make an extra copy and give 
    it to the Editor. Add another name to the list before each subsequent 
    Volume, and inform your Editor so their copy of the list can be kept in
    sync with yours.

    At the start of a Crisis, you can choose to declare that a member of your 
    Rogues' Gallery is the source of the Crisis. Whenever you do, the Editor 
    selects a member from the list and describes their role in that Crisis.

    Because of your familiarity in opposing each other, you add 1 to the 
    Effectiveness of any roll you make to advance one of the goals opposed by
    that member of your Rogues' Gallery. You also add 1 to the Effectiveness
    of any Skill roll that could benefit from your familiarity with this 
    dastardly criminal, such as gathering clues to their current motives or 
    analyzing any equipment you've confiscated from them.
    
    In addition, increase by 2 the cost from the Teamwork Pool to avoid any 
    Crisis Move that is directed only at you -- they're *prepared* for your 
    interference, accursed do-gooder!

    Each time that you (personally) advance a goal during that Crisis, you can
    choose to mark one of your unmarked Ideals.

:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

### Volume 5 Generic Hero Abilities {#list-generic-hero-abilities-v5}

At the start of Volume 5, choose an ability from this list or any previous list.

:::::: {.ability-list .v5 }::::::::::
TBD

:   To be determined.

TBD

:   To be determined.

:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::
