src/classes/construct.md, before:

::::::::::::::::::: { .classdata #class-monstrosity } :::::::::::
# The Construct {#toc-construct .breakbefore .class}

> I must not injure a human being or, through inaction, allow a human
  being to come to harm.
  I must obey orders given to me by human beings, except where such orders
  would conflict with the previous law.
  I must protect my own existence as long as such protection does not 
  conflict with the previous two laws.

"Just a machine."

That's all they say you are. Created in a lab, created by other
people, originally from non-living material.

Who *doesn't* that describe? Spoiler: humans are all created by other
humans.

Do **your** origins make **you** any *less* of a person than I am?

You're more than just a simple gadget or toy. You've found there
is more to being a person than simply being born human or looking
like they do.

## Playing a Construct

Your hero is really, really good at breaking things. You're going
to want to advance the Smash goal whenever you can, but keep in
mind that you're more than *just* muscle. You have Skills, Abilities,
and possibly other Power Words that you can use switch up your
moves from Hero Phase to Hero Phase.

## Questions

As you create your Construct hero, answer any or all of these questions.

:::::::::: questions :::::::::::::::::::
- How do you look different from normal humans? 
  - How much larger are you than other people? 
  - What color is your skin, and what does it feel like? 
  - What kind of strange appearance do you have that
    makes the ignorant assume you're a mere brute? 
  - What does your voice sound like, and what kind of vocabulary do you employ?
- Are you *always* a monster?  
  (If not, then you may want to consider playing your hero as 
   <a href="#toc-multi-class">a Multi-Class Hero</a>.)
  - If not, what triggers that change? 
  - Is it an emotional state, a substance, a situation, or your own free will? 
  - Will people not like you when you're angry? Why not?
  - *Were* you always a monster?
- What kind of interests do you have that surprise other people? 
  - Are you an artist at heart, a scientist, a poet, a doctor, a pilot? 
- Why *aren't* you the monster they say you are? 
  - What makes you a *hero* and not a villain or mindless threat? 
  - What would push you over that edge, and how have you avoided going 
    over it so far?
::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

## Skills

You have the **Engineer** and **Hacker** skills, plus two additional
skills of your choice.

Whenever you make a roll that uses one of your skills, add 1 extra die. If
you have more than one skill that could apply to a roll, add 1 extra die for each
applicable skill.

## Power Words

You can use your Power Words in the following ways:

- As a **Power Display**, costing no Might
- As a **Stunt**, costing 1 Might for each Word beyond the first
- As a **Power Combo**, costing 1 Might and letting others join in
- Joining a **Power Combo**, costing 1 Might.

When you use a Power Word, it goes on cooldown until the start of
the next Hero Phase, and you can't use it until it is off cooldown.

### Core Power Words

Your Core Power Words are **Synthetic** and **Sentience**.
You can spend 1 Might point to add one of these to a Power Stunt 
or Combo, or 2 Might to add both.

### Personal Power Words {#list-class-construct-personal-power-words}

Choose six Personal Power Words from the following list:

::::::::::::: cpw :::::::
- Analytical
- Animal (specific)
- Artificial
- Automatic
- Beast
- Body
- Claws
- Clobber
- Digital
- Giant
- Horrifying
- Immovable
- Inhuman
- Interface
- Leap
- Networked
- Override
- Positronic
- Regenerate
- Rocky
- Savage
- Shifting
- Stomp
- Sterile
- Stretch
- Strength
- Technical
- Throw
- Understanding
:::::::::::::::::::::::::

When you use a **Power Display,** you can add one Personal Power Word for free.

You can use two Power Personal Words together to form a **Power Stunt** or **Power Combo**
by paying 1 Might for each beyond the first.

### Nova Power

Choose any two single words you like; these are your **Nova Power Words**.
When you check off all your Ideals, your Nova Power Words are **Unlocked**
until the end of the current Storyline.

You can use one of your Nova Power Words in a Power Stunt or Combo for free; if you spend
1 Might, you can include the second Nova Power Word as well.

:::::::::::::::::::::::::: classpic ::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::
::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

## Construct Abilities {  .class}

Each Volume, you gain a new ability from your class.
Your Construct Abilities show your increasing distance from
biological humanity. Each ability can be chosen only once.

### Prime Ability

Your hero has the **Engine of Destruction** Prime ability common 
to all Monstrosities.

:::::: {.ability-list .prime }::::::::::
Engine of Destruction

:   When you use your Core or Nova Power Words in a Power Stunt
    or Combo to advance the Smash goal, add 
    add 2 to the Effectiveness.

::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

### Volume 1 Construct Class Abilities {#list-construct-abilities-v1}

At the start of Volume 1, choose two abilities from this list.

::::: {.ability-list .v1 } ::::::::::
Asimovian Disciple

:   *Prerequisite: You can't have the Golem class ability.* 
    Isaac Asimov's three laws of robotics are like scripture to you. 
    As long as you abide by them, add 2 dice whenever you roll to advance
    the Allay or Rescue goals. If you deliberately break one, you lose this
    benefit until you successfully resolve a Crisis.

Coordinated Efforts

:   Your analytical mind lets you coordinate efforts with your
    teammates on joint projects. As long as you are in communication
    with them, they add 2 to the Effectiveness whenever they add to
    the Teamwork Pool.

Efficient Response

:   With a minimal amount of effort, you and your allies can ensure that
    no resources are wasted. Spend Might up to the Volume to reduce the 
    cost to counter any Crisis move by the amount of Might spent, with
    a minimum cost of 1 Success from the Teamwork Pool.

Even An Android Can Cry

:   *Prerequisite: Humaniform Robot* 
    *Prerequisite: You can't have the Golem class ability.* 
    Add 2 to the dice pool when you display 
    human emotions while trying to advance the Allay or Rescue goals.

Golem

:   You were created through mystical means, not technological ones. 
    
    [Mage]{.crossover}
    Replace your Engineer and Hacker skills with Academic, Historian, and Mystic.

Humaniform Robot

:   *Prerequisite: You can't have the Golem class ability.* 
    Some humans suspect that you approximate humanity with more accuracy than they
    actually live it. Replace two of your skills with Artist and Performer.

Iron Giant

:   *Prerequisite: You can't have the Humaniform Robot class ability.*
    You are much larger than humans -- about the size of a building.
    Add **Giant** as a Core Power Word; whenever you lose Health, the
    maximum you can lose is 1.
    Whenever you add a Personal Power Word, you can choose one from the Construct Class Personal Power Words List, or the
    Monstrosity Class Personal Power Words List. Add the latter as 
    Core Power Words.

It's Alive!

:   If you are ever killed, you return to life at the end of the next Crisis
    Countdown, with maximum Health and Might.

Perfect Recall

:   *Prerequisite: You can't have the Golem class ability.* You can perfectly remember, describe, and repeat back anything you read,
    hear, or see. If you use this ability in a dice roll, spend 1 Might to add 
    the Volume to the roll.
    Whenever you add a Personal Power Word, you can choose one from the Construct Class Personal Power Words List, or the
    Inventor Class Personal Power Words List. Add the latter as 
    Core Power Words.

The Modern Prometheus

:   No matter what your origins were, you are fully cognizant of contemporary
    human society. Choose up to three skills from the following list:

    - Academic
    - Artist
    - Criminal
    - Historian
    - Engineer
    - Journalist
    - Performer
    - Physician
    - Pilot
    - Scientist
    - Spy

    Whenever you add a Personal Power Word, you can choose one from the Construct Class Personal Power Words List, or the
    Monstrosity Class Personal Power Words List.

Purpose-Built

:   You were created with a specific function in mind. 

    [Dynamo, Shaper]{.crossover .es}
    Add up to two 
    Power Words from the Dynamo Energy Power Word List as Core Power
    Words, up to two Power Words from the Shaper Elemental Power Word
    List as Core Power Words, or up to two Power Words from the Inventor
    Personal Power Word List as Personal Power Words. Choose up to two
    fighting styles from the following list:

    - Brawler
    - Demolisher
    - Interceptor
    - Frenzy
    - Makeshift Weapons
    - Mediator
    - Medic
    - Rescuer
    - Weapon Master

Purpose-Crafted

:   *Prerequisite: Golem* You were crafted with a specific function in mind.

    [Mage, Shaper]{.crossover .es}
    Add up to two Power Words from the Mage Power Word List as Core Power
    Words, up to two Power Words from the Shaper Elemental Power Word
    List as Core Power Words, or up to two Power Words from the Divine Personal
    Power Word List as Personal Power Words.

Reinforced Construction

:   You are amazingly hard to hurt. Increase your maximum Health by 5.

Self-Repair Circuits

:   Your injuries heal quickly. Regain 1 Health at the start of the Hero 
    Phase if you have at least 1 Might and 1 Health.

Unique Energy Source

:   You can draw upon a rare form of energy that suffuses your artificial form. 

    [Dynamo]{.crossover}
    Add one Power Word from the Dynamo Energy Power List as a Core
    Power Word, and up to three Power Words from the Dynamo Personal Power
    Word List as Personal Power Words. If you start a Hero Phase with fewer 
    than 2 Might, immediately refresh Might equal to the Volume. Increase your
    maximum Might by 5.

Unkillable

:   You get knocked down but you get up again. They're never gonna keep you 
    down. Regain 1 Health at the start of the Hero Phase if you have 0 Health.

TBD

:   To be determined.

:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

### Volume 2 Construct Class Abilities {#list-construct-abilities-v2}

At the start of Volume 2, choose an ability from this list or the Volume 1 list.

:::::::: {.ability-list .v2 } :::::::

Auspicious Alliteration

:   *Prerequisite: Golem* Everyone enjoys euphonious enunciation! When you 
    roll a Power Stunt or Power Combo to add to the Teamwork Pool, 
    add 1 die to the dice pool for each Word whose first letter matches the 
    first letter of another Word in the Stunt or Combo.

Misunderstood Monster

:   Even at your worst, you wouldn't harm an innocent.
    Add 2 to the dice pool when you advance the Allay
    or Rescue goals. Whenever you choose a Personal Power Word,
    you can choose from the Construct Class Personal Power Words List,
    or the Monstrosity Class Personal Power Words List. Add any from the
    latter as Core Power Words.

Regeneration

:   *Prerequisite: Golem* If you're ever wounded, you don't stay that way for long.  
    Regain 1 Health at the start of the Hero Phase if you are at less than half of 
    your maximum Health but have at least 1 Health.

Relentless Power

:   You are a storehouse of untapped energy. Increase your maximum Might by 5.

TBD

:   To be determined.

:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

### Volume 3 Construct Class Abilities {#list-construct-abilities-v3}

At the start of Volume 3, choose an ability from this list or any previous list.

:::::::: {.ability-list .v3 } :::::::
Nigh-Invulnerable

:   There are few things that can seriously harm you.  Increase your maximum 
    Health by 5.

Power Burn

:   You can call upon your life-force to fuel your powers.  You can spend 
    Health whenever you would normally spend Might. Increase your maximum
    Health by 3.

:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

### Volume 4 Construct Class Abilities {#list-construct-abilities-v4}

At the start of Volume 4, choose an ability from this list or any previous list.

:::::::: {.ability-list .v4 } :::::::
Power Overwhelming

:   Your capacity for destruction is extraordinary, even for a hero.
    Increase your maximum Might by 5.

Immortal

:   You might be seriously wounded, but you never stay dead. 
    If you're reduced to 0 Health or
    0 Might, regain 1 point of each at the start of the
    next Hero Phase.

:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

### Volume 5 Construct Class Abilities {#list-construct-abilities-v5}

At the start of Volume 5, choose an ability from this list or any previous list.

:::::: {.ability-list .v5 }::::::::::
TBD

:   To be determined.

TBD

:   To be determined.

:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

Commit message:

Adam-42
The Construct pregen: One-Officer Police Force

src/classes/construct.md, after:

::::::::::::::::::: { .classdata #class-monstrosity } :::::::::::
# The Construct {#toc-construct .breakbefore .class}

> I must not injure a human being or, through inaction, allow a human
  being to come to harm.
  I must obey orders given to me by human beings, except where such orders
  would conflict with the previous law.
  I must protect my own existence as long as such protection does not 
  conflict with the previous two laws.

"Just a machine."

That's all they say you are. Created in a lab, created by other
people, originally from non-living material.

Who *doesn't* that describe? Spoiler: humans are all created by other
humans.

Do **your** origins make **you** any *less* of a person than I am?

You're more than just a simple gadget or toy. You've found there
is more to being a person than simply being born human or looking
like they do.

## Playing a Construct

Your hero is really, really good at breaking things. You're going
to want to advance the Smash goal whenever you can, but keep in
mind that you're more than *just* muscle. You have Skills, Abilities,
and possibly other Power Words that you can use switch up your
moves from Hero Phase to Hero Phase.

## Questions

As you create your Construct hero, answer any or all of these questions.

:::::::::: questions :::::::::::::::::::
- How do you look different from normal humans? 
  - How much larger are you than other people? 
  - What color is your skin, and what does it feel like? 
  - What kind of strange appearance do you have that
    makes the ignorant assume you're a mere brute? 
  - What does your voice sound like, and what kind of vocabulary do you employ?
- Are you *always* a monster?  
  (If not, then you may want to consider playing your hero as 
   <a href="#toc-multi-class">a Multi-Class Hero</a>.)
  - If not, what triggers that change? 
  - Is it an emotional state, a substance, a situation, or your own free will? 
  - Will people not like you when you're angry? Why not?
  - *Were* you always a monster?
- What kind of interests do you have that surprise other people? 
  - Are you an artist at heart, a scientist, a poet, a doctor, a pilot? 
- Why *aren't* you the monster they say you are? 
  - What makes you a *hero* and not a villain or mindless threat? 
  - What would push you over that edge, and how have you avoided going 
    over it so far?
::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

## Skills

You have the **Engineer** and **Hacker** skills, plus two additional
skills of your choice.

Whenever you make a roll that uses one of your skills, add 1 extra die. If
you have more than one skill that could apply to a roll, add 1 extra die for each
applicable skill.

## Power Words

You can use your Power Words in the following ways:

- As a **Power Display**, costing no Might
- As a **Stunt**, costing 1 Might for each Word beyond the first
- As a **Power Combo**, costing 1 Might and letting others join in
- Joining a **Power Combo**, costing 1 Might.

When you use a Power Word, it goes on cooldown until the start of
the next Hero Phase, and you can't use it until it is off cooldown.

### Core Power Words

Your Core Power Words are **Synthetic** and **Sentience**.
You can spend 1 Might point to add one of these to a Power Stunt 
or Combo, or 2 Might to add both.

### Personal Power Words {#list-class-construct-personal-power-words}

Choose six Personal Power Words from the following list:

::::::::::::: cpw :::::::
- Analytical
- Animal (specific)
- Artificial
- Automatic
- Beast
- Body
- Claws
- Clobber
- Digital
- Giant
- Horrifying
- Immovable
- Inhuman
- Interface
- Leap
- Networked
- Override
- Positronic
- Regenerate
- Rocky
- Savage
- Shifting
- Stomp
- Sterile
- Stretch
- Strength
- Technical
- Throw
- Understanding
:::::::::::::::::::::::::

When you use a **Power Display,** you can add one Personal Power Word for free.

You can use two Power Personal Words together to form a **Power Stunt** or **Power Combo**
by paying 1 Might for each beyond the first.

### Nova Power

Choose any two to four single words you like; these are your **Nova Power Words**.
When you check off all your Ideals, your Nova Power Words are **Unlocked**
until the end of the current Storyline.

You can use one of your Nova Power Words in a Power Stunt or Combo for free; if you spend
1 Might, you can include a second Nova Power Word as well.

:::::::::::::::::::::::::: classpic ::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::
![Adam-42: The One-Officer Police Force](art/jeshields/construct.png "Adam-42: The One-Officer Police Force"){.class}
::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

## Construct Abilities {  .class}

Each Volume, you gain a new ability from your class.
Your Construct Abilities show your increasing distance from
biological humanity. Each ability can be chosen only once.

### Prime Ability

Your hero has the **Engine of Destruction** Prime ability common 
to all Monstrosities.

:::::: {.ability-list .prime }::::::::::
Engine of Destruction

:   When you use your Core or Nova Power Words in a Power Stunt
    or Combo to advance the Smash goal, add 
    add 2 to the Effectiveness.

::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

### Volume 1 Construct Class Abilities {#list-construct-abilities-v1}

At the start of Volume 1, choose two abilities from this list.

::::: {.ability-list .v1 } ::::::::::
Asimovian Disciple

:   *Prerequisite: You can't have the Golem class ability.* 
    Isaac Asimov's three laws of robotics are like scripture to you. 
    As long as you abide by them, add 2 dice whenever you roll to advance
    the Allay or Rescue goals. If you deliberately break one, you lose this
    benefit until you successfully resolve a Crisis.

Coordinated Efforts

:   Your analytical mind lets you coordinate efforts with your
    teammates on joint projects. As long as you are in communication
    with them, they add 2 to the Effectiveness whenever they add to
    the Teamwork Pool.

Efficient Response

:   With a minimal amount of effort, you and your allies can ensure that
    no resources are wasted. Spend Might up to the Volume to reduce the 
    cost to counter any Crisis move by the amount of Might spent, with
    a minimum cost of 1 Success from the Teamwork Pool.

Even An Android Can Cry

:   *Prerequisite: Humaniform Robot* 
    *Prerequisite: You can't have the Golem class ability.* 
    Add 2 to the dice pool when you display 
    human emotions while trying to advance the Allay or Rescue goals.

Golem

:   You were created through mystical means, not technological ones. 
    
    [Mage]{.crossover}
    Replace your Engineer and Hacker skills with Academic, Historian, and Mystic.

Humaniform Robot

:   *Prerequisite: You can't have the Golem class ability.* 
    Some humans suspect that you approximate humanity with more accuracy than they
    actually live it. Replace two of your skills with Artist and Performer.

Iron Giant

:   *Prerequisite: You can't have the Humaniform Robot class ability.*
    You are much larger than humans -- about the size of a building.
    Add **Giant** as a Core Power Word; whenever you lose Health, the
    maximum you can lose is 1.
    Whenever you add a Personal Power Word, you can choose one from the Construct Class Personal Power Words List, or the
    Monstrosity Class Personal Power Words List. Add the latter as 
    Core Power Words.

It's Alive!

:   If you are ever killed, you return to life at the end of the next Crisis
    Countdown, with maximum Health and Might.

Perfect Recall

:   *Prerequisite: You can't have the Golem class ability.* You can perfectly remember, describe, and repeat back anything you read,
    hear, or see. If you use this ability in a dice roll, spend 1 Might to add 
    the Volume to the roll.
    Whenever you add a Personal Power Word, you can choose one from the Construct Class Personal Power Words List, or the
    Inventor Class Personal Power Words List. Add the latter as 
    Core Power Words.

The Modern Prometheus

:   No matter what your origins were, you are fully cognizant of contemporary
    human society. Choose up to three skills from the following list:

    - Academic
    - Artist
    - Criminal
    - Historian
    - Engineer
    - Journalist
    - Performer
    - Physician
    - Pilot
    - Scientist
    - Spy

    [Monstrosity]{.crossover}
    Whenever you add a Personal Power Word, you can choose one from the Construct Class Personal Power Words List, or the
    Monstrosity Class Personal Power Words List.

Purpose-Built

:   You were created with a specific function in mind. 

    [Dynamo, Shaper]{.crossover .es}
    Add up to two 
    Power Words from the Dynamo Energy Power Word List as Core Power
    Words, up to two Power Words from the Shaper Elemental Power Word
    List as Core Power Words, or up to two Power Words from the Inventor
    Personal Power Word List as Personal Power Words. 

Purpose-Crafted

:   *Prerequisite: Golem* You were crafted with a specific function in mind.

    [Mage, Shaper]{.crossover .es}
    Add up to two Power Words from the Mage Power Word List as Core Power
    Words, up to two Power Words from the Shaper Elemental Power Word
    List as Core Power Words, or up to two Power Words from the Divine Personal
    Power Word List as Personal Power Words.

Reinforced Construction

:   You are amazingly hard to hurt. Increase your maximum Health by 5.

Self-Repair Circuits

:   Your injuries heal quickly. Regain 1 Health at the start of the Hero 
    Phase if you have at least 1 Might and 1 Health.

Unique Energy Source

:   You can draw upon a rare form of energy that suffuses your artificial form. 

    [Dynamo]{.crossover}
    Add one Power Word from the Dynamo Energy Power List as a Core
    Power Word, and up to three Power Words from the Dynamo Personal Power
    Word List as Personal Power Words. If you start a Hero Phase with fewer 
    than 2 Might, immediately refresh Might equal to the Volume. Increase your
    maximum Might by 5.

Unkillable

:   You get knocked down but you get up again. They're never gonna keep you 
    down. Regain 1 Health at the start of the Hero Phase if you have 0 Health.

War Machine

:   *Note: This is a variant of the Knight Class's __Tactical Mastery__ ability.* 
    You are trained in a number of specialized combat techniques.
    Gain a number of fighting styles equal to the Volume. Add an 
    additional fighting style at the start of each later Volume.

    *Repetition:* You can choose this Ability more than once;
    each time, you must choose different Fighting Styles. Only
    add one Fighting Style for each subsequent Volume, regardless
    of how many times you've chosen this Ability.

:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

### Volume 2 Construct Class Abilities {#list-construct-abilities-v2}

At the start of Volume 2, choose an ability from this list or the Volume 1 list.

:::::::: {.ability-list .v2 } :::::::

Misunderstood Mechanical

:   *Note: This is a variant of the Monstrosity Class's
    __Misunderstood Monster__ class ability.*
    Even at your worst, you wouldn't harm an innocent.
    Add 2 to the dice pool when you advance the Allay
    or Rescue goals. 

    [Monstrosity]{.crossover}
    Whenever you choose a Personal Power Word,
    you can choose from the Construct Class Personal Power Words List,
    or the Monstrosity Class Personal Power Words List. Add any from the
    latter as Core Power Words.

Regeneration

:   *Prerequisite: Golem* If you're ever wounded, you don't stay that way for long.  
    Regain 1 Health at the start of the Hero Phase if you are at less than half of 
    your maximum Health but have at least 1 Health.

Relentless Power

:   You are a storehouse of untapped energy. Increase your maximum Might by 5.

TBD

:   To be determined.

:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

### Volume 3 Construct Class Abilities {#list-construct-abilities-v3}

At the start of Volume 3, choose an ability from this list or any previous list.

:::::::: {.ability-list .v3 } :::::::
Nigh-Invulnerable

:   There are few things that can seriously harm you.  Increase your maximum 
    Health by 5.

Power Burn

:   You can call upon your life-force to fuel your powers.  You can spend 
    Health whenever you would normally spend Might. Increase your maximum
    Health by 3.

:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

### Volume 4 Construct Class Abilities {#list-construct-abilities-v4}

At the start of Volume 4, choose an ability from this list or any previous list.

:::::::: {.ability-list .v4 } :::::::
Power Overwhelming

:   Your capacity for destruction is extraordinary, even for a hero.
    Increase your maximum Might by 5.

Immortal

:   You might be seriously wounded, but you'll never stay dead. 
    If you have 0 Health or 0 Might at the start of a 
    Hero Phase, regain 1 point of each.

:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

### Volume 5 Construct Class Abilities {#list-construct-abilities-v5}

At the start of Volume 5, choose an ability from this list or any previous list.

:::::: {.ability-list .v5 }::::::::::
TBD

:   To be determined.

TBD

:   To be determined.

:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::
