src/classes/expert.md, before:

::::::::::::::::::::: { .classdata #class-expert } :::::::::::::::
# The Expert {#toc-expert .breakbefore .class}

> Actually, most people don't know this, but ...

Like the Knight and Inventor, you aren't a hero who relies on your
super-powers. Instead, you're very skilled at one specific thing --
and there are few in the world who can match your expertise.

## Playing an Expert

Don't be afraid to use your Engineer, Hacker, Scientist, or
other skills in conjunction with your Power Words to represent
making on-the-fly adjustments to whatever gear you carry.

## Questions

As you create your Expert hero, answer any or all of these questions.

:::::::::: questions ::::::::::::::::::::::::
:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

## Skills

Choose any one skill as your **Prime Skill**. Whenever you use that
skill in a roll, double the number of dice you get from being skilled;
i.e., from 1 to 2.

Alternately, you can choose a **Prime Fighting Style** instead of a
**Prime Skill**. Whenever you use that Fighting Style, double the number
of dice granted by it; for example, if you chose Brawler, which says *Add 2 dice when you use an unarmed attack to advance the Smash goal*, you would instead add 4 dice when you use an unarmed attack to advance the Smash goal.

In addition, choose any two additional skills of your choice.

Whenever you make a roll that uses your skill, roll an additional number of 
dice equal to the Volume.

## Power Words

You can use your Power Words in the following ways:

- As a **Power Display**, costing no Might
- As a **Power Stunt**, costing 1 Might for each Word beyond the first
- As a **Power Combo**, costing 1 Might and letting others join in
- Joining a **Power Combo**, costing 1 Might.

When you use a Power Word, it goes on cooldown until the start of
the next Hero Phase.

### Core Power Words

Your Core Power Words are **Renowned** and **Expert**.

When you use a **Power Display,** you can add one Core Power Word for free.

You can spend 1 Might point to add one of these to a Power Stunt or Combo,
or 2 Might to add both.

### Personal Power Words

Unlike other heroes, you don't have any Personal Power Words.

### Nova Power

Unlike other heroes, you don't have Nova Power Words. When you have
marked all of your Ideals, you gain the standard Might refresh, but don't
unlock any additional Nova Power Words.

:::::::::::::::::::::::::: classpic ::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::
![Vespa 2.0, Hero of Technopolis](art/jeshields/inventor.png "Vespa 2.0, hero of Technopolis"){.class}
::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

## Expert Abilities {.class}

Each Volume, you gain a new ability from your class.
Your Expert Abilities reflect growing expertise in your primary field
and a number of related fields.
Each ability can be chosen only once.

### Prime Ability

Your hero has the **World-Renowned Expertise** Prime ability common 
to all Experts.

:::::: {.ability-list .prime }::::::::::
World-Renowned Expertise

:   When you chose your skills, you picked one as your
    Prime Skill. Whenever you use that skill in a roll,
    add 2 dice instead of 1 die.

    If you chose a Prime Fighting Style instead of a Prime Skill,
    double the number of dice that Fighting Style provides.

::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

### Volume 1 Abilities

At the start of Volume 1, choose two abilities from this list.

:::::: { .ability-list .v1 } ::::::::

Armorsmith

:   You've invented a suit of armor. Add Armor as a Core
    Power Word and one Personal Power Word from the Dynamo's
    or Paragon's Personal Power Word list.

Flexible Faculties

:   Your abilities extend beyond your inventive endeavours, as you
    possess an actual super-power. Add one Personal Power Word from 
    the Monarch, Monstrosity, or Psychic class lists as a 
    Personal Power Word.

Perspicacious Pettifoggery

:   Using your vast vocabulary of super-scientific knowledge, you can 
    easily out-technobabble your opponents. When you roll to advance
    the Outwit goal, add the largest number of syllables in a Power
    Word you're using to the dice pool, with a maximum of 2 + the Volume.

Stately Skyscraper

:   You have a base of operations at the top of a tall building.
    When you make a skill roll in that building, add 2 
    to the dice pool.

TBD

:   To be determined.

:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

### Volume 2 Abilities

At the start of Volume 2, choose an ability from this list or the Volume 1 list.

:::: {.ability-list .v2} ::::::::::::
Puissant Polymath

:   Your education covered a wide range of topics.  Gain a number of 
    skills equal to the Volume. Add an additional skill at the 
    start of each subsequent Volume.

Weaponsmith

:   You've created a number of weapons with a wide variety of effects.
    At the start of each Storyline, pick a number of Power Words
    from the Dynamo or Shaper Personal Power Words lists
    equal to the Volume.
    You can use each Power Word as a Core Power Word once
    during the current Storyline without paying any Might.

TBD

:   To be determined.

:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

### Volume 3 Abilities

At the start of Volume 3, choose an ability from this list or any previous list.

::::::::: {.ability-list .v3} :::::::
Absorption Field

:   Your defenses include an inertia-dampening force field
    that block harm to you. Instead of losing Health, you can
    lose an equal amount of Might.

Overclocked Systems

:   When you use a Power Display, Stunt, or Combo, choose one
    of the Power Words you're using. Count all 6s in your roll
    as 2 successes instead of 1. You then lose the use of that
    Word after the Display, Stunt, or Combo and don't regain
    it until the end of the current Crisis.

:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::


### Volume 4 Abilities

At the start of Volume 4, choose an ability from this list or any previous list.

:::::: {.ability-list .v4 }::::::::::
TBD

:   To be determined.

TBD

:   To be determined.

:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

### Volume 5 Abilities

At the start of Volume 5, choose an ability from this list or any previous list.

:::::: {.ability-list .v5 }::::::::::
TBD

:   To be determined.

TBD

:   To be determined.

:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

Commit message:

Hero Cave: tag on abilities
You can only have one batcave.

src/classes/expert.md, after:

::::::::::::::::::::: { .classdata #class-expert } :::::::::::::::
# The Expert {#toc-expert .breakbefore .class}

> Actually, most people don't know this, but ...

Like the Knight and Inventor, you aren't a hero who relies on your
super-powers. Instead, you're very skilled at one specific thing --
and there are few in the world who can match your expertise.

## Playing an Expert

Don't be afraid to use your Engineer, Hacker, Scientist, or
other skills in conjunction with your Power Words to represent
making on-the-fly adjustments to whatever gear you carry.

## Questions

As you create your Expert hero, answer any or all of these questions.

:::::::::: questions ::::::::::::::::::::::::
:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

## Skills

Choose any one skill as your **Prime Skill**. Whenever you use that
skill in a roll, double the number of dice you get from being skilled;
i.e., from 1 to 2.

Alternately, you can choose a **Prime Fighting Style** instead of a
**Prime Skill**. Whenever you use that Fighting Style, double the number
of dice granted by it; for example, if you chose Brawler, which says *Add 2 dice when you use an unarmed attack to advance the Smash goal*, you would instead add 4 dice when you use an unarmed attack to advance the Smash goal.

In addition, choose any two additional skills of your choice.

Whenever you make a roll that uses your skill, roll an additional number of 
dice equal to the Volume.

## Power Words

You can use your Power Words in the following ways:

- As a **Power Display**, costing no Might
- As a **Power Stunt**, costing 1 Might for each Word beyond the first
- As a **Power Combo**, costing 1 Might and letting others join in
- Joining a **Power Combo**, costing 1 Might.

When you use a Power Word, it goes on cooldown until the start of
the next Hero Phase.

### Core Power Words

Your Core Power Words are **Renowned** and **Expert**.

When you use a **Power Display,** you can add one Core Power Word for free.

You can spend 1 Might point to add one of these to a Power Stunt or Combo,
or 2 Might to add both.

### Personal Power Words

Unlike other heroes, you don't have any Personal Power Words.

### Nova Power

Unlike other heroes, you don't have Nova Power Words. When you have
marked all of your Ideals, you gain the standard Might refresh, but don't
unlock any additional Nova Power Words.

:::::::::::::::::::::::::: classpic ::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::
![Vespa 2.0, Hero of Technopolis](art/jeshields/inventor.png "Vespa 2.0, hero of Technopolis"){.class}
::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

## Expert Abilities {.class}

Each Volume, you gain a new ability from your class.
Your Expert Abilities reflect growing expertise in your primary field
and a number of related fields.
Each ability can be chosen only once.

### Prime Ability

Your hero has the **World-Renowned Expertise** Prime ability common 
to all Experts.

:::::: {.ability-list .prime }::::::::::
World-Renowned Expertise

:   When you chose your skills, you picked one as your
    Prime Skill. Whenever you use that skill in a roll,
    add 2 dice instead of 1 die.

    If you chose a Prime Fighting Style instead of a Prime Skill,
    double the number of dice that Fighting Style provides.

::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

### Volume 1 Abilities

At the start of Volume 1, choose two abilities from this list.

:::::: { .ability-list .v1 } ::::::::

Armorsmith

:   You've invented a suit of armor. Add Armor as a Core
    Power Word and one Personal Power Word from the Dynamo's
    or Paragon's Personal Power Word list.

Flexible Faculties

:   Your abilities extend beyond your inventive endeavours, as you
    possess an actual super-power. Add one Personal Power Word from 
    the Monarch, Monstrosity, or Psychic class lists as a 
    Personal Power Word.

Hero Cave

:   *Prerequisite: You can't have another __Hero Cave__Ability.*
    This is a *Hero Cave* Ability.

Perspicacious Pettifoggery

:   Using your vast vocabulary of super-scientific knowledge, you can 
    easily out-technobabble your opponents. When you roll to advance
    the Outwit goal, add the largest number of syllables in a Power
    Word you're using to the dice pool, with a maximum of 2 + the Volume.

Stately Skyscraper

:   *Prerequisite: You can't have another __Hero Cave__Ability.*
    You have a base of operations at the top of a tall building.
    When you make a skill roll in that building, add 2 to the dice pool.
    This is a *Hero Cave* Ability.

TBD

:   To be determined.

:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

### Volume 2 Abilities

At the start of Volume 2, choose an ability from this list or the Volume 1 list.

:::: {.ability-list .v2} ::::::::::::
Puissant Polymath

:   Your education covered a wide range of topics.  Gain a number of 
    skills equal to the Volume. Add an additional skill at the 
    start of each subsequent Volume.

Weaponsmith

:   You've created a number of weapons with a wide variety of effects.
    At the start of each Storyline, pick a number of Power Words
    from the Dynamo or Shaper Personal Power Words lists
    equal to the Volume.
    You can use each Power Word as a Core Power Word once
    during the current Storyline without paying any Might.

TBD

:   To be determined.

:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

### Volume 3 Abilities

At the start of Volume 3, choose an ability from this list or any previous list.

::::::::: {.ability-list .v3} :::::::
Absorption Field

:   Your defenses include an inertia-dampening force field
    that block harm to you. Instead of losing Health, you can
    lose an equal amount of Might.

Overclocked Systems

:   When you use a Power Display, Stunt, or Combo, choose one
    of the Power Words you're using. Count all 6s in your roll
    as 2 successes instead of 1. You then lose the use of that
    Word after the Display, Stunt, or Combo and don't regain
    it until the end of the current Crisis.

:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::


### Volume 4 Abilities

At the start of Volume 4, choose an ability from this list or any previous list.

:::::: {.ability-list .v4 }::::::::::
TBD

:   To be determined.

TBD

:   To be determined.

:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

### Volume 5 Abilities

At the start of Volume 5, choose an ability from this list or any previous list.

:::::: {.ability-list .v5 }::::::::::
TBD

:   To be determined.

TBD

:   To be determined.

:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::
