src/classes/hellspawn.md, before:

::::::::::::::::::::: { .classdata #class-hellspawn } :::::::::::::::
# The Hellspawn {#toc-hellspawn .breakbefore .class}

> Bright Mother Brigit, guide my hand!

You are imbued with power that originates with one or more
deities, or at least powerful extra-planar beings who could be
worshipped as gods.

## Playing a Hellspawn

As a Hellspawn hero, you have a wide range of abilities to choose from.
Look for ways you can find synergy with other heroes -- if they
join in a Power Combo that you initiate, your *Give Me Strength!*
bonus applies to the dice they provide, too.

## Questions

As you create your Hellspawn hero, answer any or all of these questions.

::::::::::::::::: questions :::::::::::::::::::::::::
- Are you a deity yourself? 
  - A demigod? 
  - The champion of one or more deities? 
  - Or even someone who figuratively or literally stole power from the gods?
- What god, gods or pantheon are you associated with? 
  - Do you gain power from your association with a single deity, 
    or do multiple gods grant you power? 
  - Are your powers bestowed by the gods, or are
    they a result of your own divine essence?
- How do you relate to the god(s) who empower you? 
  - Are you on good terms with them, are they distant and silent, 
    or have they sent you to a mortal existence for your own good? 
  - Are there other gods or other people empowered by the gods, and 
    if so, do you get along with them? 
- Are there any mythological monsters or enemies that your choice 
  of a divine power source implies?
- Do you have a single form and identity, or do you change through
  supernatural means between your Hellspawn form and a "mortal" one?
  - If so, what triggers such a change -- a spoken word, a transformation
    sequence, or just calling upon your Divine powers?
- If you're not a mortal yourself, what *do* you think of the
  mortal world? 
  - Does it mystify you, or are you thoroughly immersed in modern culture? 
  - What are your views on religion -- both your
    hero's own religion and those that could be seen as rival faiths?
::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

## Skills

You have the **Explorer**, **Historian**, and **Mystic** skills, plus two
additional skills of your choice.

Whenever you make a roll that uses your skill, roll an additional number of 
dice equal to the Volume.

:::::::::::::::::::: soapbox :::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::
## Real-World Religions?

It's a staple of superhero comic books that real-life
deities are portrayed as either heroes themselves or the
sources of power for a hero.

There's an assumption that these "aren't *real* gods who
are sacred to anyone any more" -- but that's not necessarily
true at all. For example, many modern pagans revere one or
more of the Norse gods of myth.

You should be careful when you use mythological deities,
*especially* those from a culture that's foreign to you.
Check with the other players and the Editor, and be prepared
to change either your Hellspawn hero or the concept behind
them.
::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

## Power Words

You can use your Power Words in the following ways:

- As a **Power Display**, costing no Might
- As a **Power Stunt**, costing 1 Might for each Word beyond the first
- As a **Power Combo**, costing 1 Might and letting others join in
- Joining a **Power Combo**, costing 1 Might.

When you use a Power Word, it goes on cooldown until the start of
the next Hero Phase.

### Core Power Words

Your Core Power Words are **Blessed** and **Champion**.
You can spend 1 Might point to add one of these to a Power Stunt or Combo,
or 2 Might to add both.

### Personal Power Words

Choose six Personal Power Words from the following list:

::::::::::::: cpw :::::::
- Anger
- Armor
- Command
- Extraplanar
- Faith
- Flight
- Peace
- Radiant
- Resist
- Senses
- Speed
- Strength
- Thunder
- Unbreakable
- Wisdom
:::::::::::::::::::::::::

When you use a **Power Display,** you can add one Personal Power Word for free.

You can use two Power Personal Words together to form a **Power Stunt** or **Power Combo**
by paying 1 Might for each beyond the first.

### Nova Power

Choose any two single words you like; these are your **Nova Power Words**.
When you check off all your Ideals, your Nova Power Words are **Unlocked**
until the end of the current Storyline.

You can use one of your Nova Power Words in a Power Stunt or Combo for free; if you spend
1 Might, you can include the second Nova Power Word as well.

:::::::::::::::::::::::::: classpic ::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::
![Brigantia, chosen of the Tuatha Dé Danann](art/jeshields/divine.png "Brigantia, Chosen of the Tuatha Dé Danann"){.class}
::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

## Hellspawn Abilities { .class}

Each Volume, you gain a new ability from your class. Your Divine
Abilities are gifts from the Lower Powers, whether by birth or by boon.
Each ability can be chosen only once.

### Prime Ability

Your hero has the **Infernal Wrath** Prime ability common 
to all Hellspawn.

:::::: {.ability-list .prime }::::::::::
Infernal Wrath

:   To Be Determined

:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

### Volume 1 Abilities

At the start of Volume 1, choose two abilities from this list.

:::::::: {.ability-list .v1 }::::::::

Stamina of Atlas

:   You are tougher than a mere mortal. 
    Increase your maximum Health by 5.

Strength of Kratos

:   Imbued with power comparable to the titan personification of
    strength, you can break down most barriers with ease.
    Add 2 to the dice pool to advance the Smash or Rescue goals.

Weapon of the Gods

:   You have a weapon that is unique in the universe, possibly 
    crafted by a deity of the forge. Decide on the specific
    weapon, and add that weapon's proper name as a Core Power Word. 
    In addition, choose either one Energy Power Word from the Dynamo 
    class or one Element Power Word from the Shaper list, and use that 
    as Personal Power Word whenever you have your weapon.

Wisdom of Athena

:   Your insight is unmatched by anyone save the gods themselves.
    Add 2 to the dice pool to advance the Outwit or Allay goals.

TBD

:   To be determined.

:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

### Volume 2 Abilities

At the start of Volume 2, choose an ability from this list or the Volume 1 list.

::::::: {.ability-list .v2 }:::::::::

Courage of Ares

:   Your divine spirit won't give up, even when the odds are
    against you.
    When you are below half your Health, add 1 to the dice pool
    to advance any Goal.

Speed of Hermes

:   You can run -- or fly, if you have Flight as a Power Word --
    at speeds approaching Mach 1.
    The Timely Arrival move costs you 0 points from the 
    Teamwork Pool.

TBD

:   To be determined.

:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

### Volume 3 Abilities

At the start of Volume 3, choose an ability from this list or any previous list.

:::::: {.ability-list .v3 }::::::::::

Flames of Hell

:   You're empowered with divine energy that crackles
    like flames when you spend Might.  
    Increase your maximum Might by 5.

TBD
:   To Be Determined

:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

### Volume 4 Abilities

At the start of Volume 4, choose an ability from this list or any previous list.

:::::: {.ability-list .v4 }::::::::::
TBD

:   To be determined.

TBD

:   To be determined.

:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

### Volume 5 Abilities

At the start of Volume 5, choose an ability from this list or any previous list.

:::::: {.ability-list .v5 }::::::::::
TBD

:   To be determined.

TBD

:   To be determined.

:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

Commit message:

Hero Cave: tag on abilities
You can only have one batcave.

src/classes/hellspawn.md, after:

::::::::::::::::::::: { .classdata #class-hellspawn } :::::::::::::::
# The Hellspawn {#toc-hellspawn .breakbefore .class}

> Bright Mother Brigit, guide my hand!

You are imbued with power that originates with one or more
deities, or at least powerful extra-planar beings who could be
worshipped as gods.

## Playing a Hellspawn

As a Hellspawn hero, you have a wide range of abilities to choose from.
Look for ways you can find synergy with other heroes -- if they
join in a Power Combo that you initiate, your *Give Me Strength!*
bonus applies to the dice they provide, too.

## Questions

As you create your Hellspawn hero, answer any or all of these questions.

::::::::::::::::: questions :::::::::::::::::::::::::
- Are you a deity yourself? 
  - A demigod? 
  - The champion of one or more deities? 
  - Or even someone who figuratively or literally stole power from the gods?
- What god, gods or pantheon are you associated with? 
  - Do you gain power from your association with a single deity, 
    or do multiple gods grant you power? 
  - Are your powers bestowed by the gods, or are
    they a result of your own divine essence?
- How do you relate to the god(s) who empower you? 
  - Are you on good terms with them, are they distant and silent, 
    or have they sent you to a mortal existence for your own good? 
  - Are there other gods or other people empowered by the gods, and 
    if so, do you get along with them? 
- Are there any mythological monsters or enemies that your choice 
  of a divine power source implies?
- Do you have a single form and identity, or do you change through
  supernatural means between your Hellspawn form and a "mortal" one?
  - If so, what triggers such a change -- a spoken word, a transformation
    sequence, or just calling upon your Divine powers?
- If you're not a mortal yourself, what *do* you think of the
  mortal world? 
  - Does it mystify you, or are you thoroughly immersed in modern culture? 
  - What are your views on religion -- both your
    hero's own religion and those that could be seen as rival faiths?
::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

## Skills

You have the **Explorer**, **Historian**, and **Mystic** skills, plus two
additional skills of your choice.

Whenever you make a roll that uses your skill, roll an additional number of 
dice equal to the Volume.

:::::::::::::::::::: soapbox :::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::
## Real-World Religions?

It's a staple of superhero comic books that real-life
deities are portrayed as either heroes themselves or the
sources of power for a hero.

There's an assumption that these "aren't *real* gods who
are sacred to anyone any more" -- but that's not necessarily
true at all. For example, many modern pagans revere one or
more of the Norse gods of myth.

You should be careful when you use mythological deities,
*especially* those from a culture that's foreign to you.
Check with the other players and the Editor, and be prepared
to change either your Hellspawn hero or the concept behind
them.
::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

## Power Words

You can use your Power Words in the following ways:

- As a **Power Display**, costing no Might
- As a **Power Stunt**, costing 1 Might for each Word beyond the first
- As a **Power Combo**, costing 1 Might and letting others join in
- Joining a **Power Combo**, costing 1 Might.

When you use a Power Word, it goes on cooldown until the start of
the next Hero Phase.

### Core Power Words

Your Core Power Words are **Blessed** and **Champion**.
You can spend 1 Might point to add one of these to a Power Stunt or Combo,
or 2 Might to add both.

### Personal Power Words

Choose six Personal Power Words from the following list:

::::::::::::: cpw :::::::
- Anger
- Armor
- Command
- Extraplanar
- Faith
- Flight
- Peace
- Radiant
- Resist
- Senses
- Speed
- Strength
- Thunder
- Unbreakable
- Wisdom
:::::::::::::::::::::::::

When you use a **Power Display,** you can add one Personal Power Word for free.

You can use two Power Personal Words together to form a **Power Stunt** or **Power Combo**
by paying 1 Might for each beyond the first.

### Nova Power

Choose any two single words you like; these are your **Nova Power Words**.
When you check off all your Ideals, your Nova Power Words are **Unlocked**
until the end of the current Storyline.

You can use one of your Nova Power Words in a Power Stunt or Combo for free; if you spend
1 Might, you can include the second Nova Power Word as well.

:::::::::::::::::::::::::: classpic ::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::
![Brigantia, chosen of the Tuatha Dé Danann](art/jeshields/divine.png "Brigantia, Chosen of the Tuatha Dé Danann"){.class}
::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

## Hellspawn Abilities { .class}

Each Volume, you gain a new ability from your class. Your Divine
Abilities are gifts from the Lower Powers, whether by birth or by boon.
Each ability can be chosen only once.

### Prime Ability

Your hero has the **Infernal Wrath** Prime ability common 
to all Hellspawn.

:::::: {.ability-list .prime }::::::::::
Infernal Wrath

:   To Be Determined

:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

### Volume 1 Abilities

At the start of Volume 1, choose two abilities from this list.

:::::::: {.ability-list .v1 }::::::::

Stamina of Atlas

:   You are tougher than a mere mortal. 
    Increase your maximum Health by 5.

Strength of Kratos

:   Imbued with power comparable to the titan personification of
    strength, you can break down most barriers with ease.
    Add 2 to the dice pool to advance the Smash or Rescue goals.

Weapon of the Gods

:   You have a weapon that is unique in the universe, possibly 
    crafted by a deity of the forge. Decide on the specific
    weapon, and add that weapon's proper name as a Core Power Word. 
    In addition, choose either one Energy Power Word from the Dynamo 
    class or one Element Power Word from the Shaper list, and use that 
    as Personal Power Word whenever you have your weapon.

Wisdom of Athena

:   Your insight is unmatched by anyone save the gods themselves.
    Add 2 to the dice pool to advance the Outwit or Allay goals.

TBD

:   To be determined.

:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

### Volume 2 Abilities

At the start of Volume 2, choose an ability from this list or the Volume 1 list.

::::::: {.ability-list .v2 }:::::::::

Courage of Ares

:   Your divine spirit won't give up, even when the odds are
    against you.
    When you are below half your Health, add 1 to the dice pool
    to advance any Goal.

Speed of Hermes

:   You can run -- or fly, if you have Flight as a Power Word --
    at speeds approaching Mach 1.
    The Timely Arrival move costs you 0 points from the 
    Teamwork Pool.

TBD

:   To be determined.

:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

### Volume 3 Abilities

At the start of Volume 3, choose an ability from this list or any previous list.

:::::: {.ability-list .v3 }::::::::::

Flames of Hell

:   You're empowered with divine energy that crackles
    like flames when you spend Might.  
    Increase your maximum Might by 5.

TBD
:   To Be Determined

:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

### Volume 4 Abilities

At the start of Volume 4, choose an ability from this list or any previous list.

:::::: {.ability-list .v4 }::::::::::
Hell on Earth

:   *Prerequisite: You can't have another __Hero Cave_ Ability.*
    This is a *Hero Cave* Ability.

TBD

:   To be determined.

:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

### Volume 5 Abilities

At the start of Volume 5, choose an ability from this list or any previous list.

:::::: {.ability-list .v5 }::::::::::
TBD

:   To be determined.

TBD

:   To be determined.

:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::
