src/classes/inventor.md, before:

::::::::::::::::::::: { .classdata #class-inventor } :::::::::::::::
# The Inventor {#toc-inventor .breakbefore .class}

> I've been itching to try out these new modifications in the field!

Other heroes may have been born with power, inherited power, or been
changed by power -- but you *built* your own power with your own
hand(s).

Whether you have a set of standard equipment, wear a powered suit of armor,
or create whatever you need on the fly, your creations and Skills are more
important than your own powers -- if you even have any.

## Playing an Inventor

Many Inventors tend toward support roles, and your ability to
add to the Teamwork Pool while advancing a goal reflects this.

Don't be afraid to use your Engineer, Hacker, Scientist, or
other skills in conjunction with your Power Words to represent
making on-the-fly adjustments to whatever gear you carry.

## Questions

As you create your Inventor hero, answer any or all of these questions.

:::::::::: questions ::::::::::::::::::::::::
- What kind of gear do you use? 
  - How do you carry that equipment around with you? 
  - What do your inventions look like? 
  - Do you have a specialty or common themes that you tend to invent?
- What potential applications for your tech could improve the world if
  everyone had access to it? 
  - How could your inventions be used to make the world a worse place? 
  - What steps do you take to prevent that from happening? 
  - Why don't the authorities fully trust those steps?
  - In what way could your inventions be turned against you? 
  - What's your blind spot when it comes to the implications of 
    your own creations?
- How did you come by your technical talents? 
- What inspired you to create these inventions? 
  - Why are you the only person who can use your inventions to their full
    potential? 
  - Who helped you create these inventions,
    and how do they feel about you using them?
- How do you pay for your inventions? 
  - Are you publicly linked with your source of funding? 
  - Do you hold patents on any of your inventions?
  - Does anyone *else* hold patents on your inventions?
:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

## Skills

You have the **Engineer**, **Hacker**, and **Scientist** skills, plus two
additional skills of your choice.

Whenever you make a roll that uses your skill, roll an additional number of 
dice equal to the Volume.

## Power Words

You can use your Power Words in the following ways:

- As a **Power Display**, costing no Might
- As a **Power Stunt**, costing 1 Might for each Word beyond the first
- As a **Power Combo**, costing 1 Might and letting others join in
- Joining a **Power Combo**, costing 1 Might.

When you use a Power Word, it goes on cooldown until the start of
the next Hero Phase.

### Core Power Words

Your Core Power Words are **Experimental** and **Prototype**.
You can spend 1 Might point to add one of these to a Power Stunt or Combo,
or 2 Might to add both.

### Personal Power Words

Choose six Personal Power Words from the following list:

::::::::::::: cpw :::::::
- Adapation
- Analyze
- Dynamic
- Emitter
- Energetic
- Force
- Laser
- Miniaturize
- Redirection
- Robotic
- Rocketry
- Protection
- Telemetry
- Transportation
- Wings
:::::::::::::::::::::::::

When you use a **Power Display,** you can add one Personal Power Word for free.

You can use two Power Personal Words together to form a **Power Stunt** or **Power Combo**
by paying 1 Might for each beyond the first.

### Nova Power

Choose any two single words you like; these are your **Nova Power Words**.
When you check off all your Ideals, your Nova Power Words are **Unlocked**
until the end of the current Storyline.

You can use one of your Nova Power Words in a Power Stunt or Combo for free; if you spend
1 Might, you can include the second Nova Power Word as well.

:::::::::::::::::::::::::: classpic ::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::
![Vespa 2.0, Hero of Technopolis](art/jeshields/inventor.png "Vespa 2.0, hero of Technopolis"){.class}
::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

## Inventor Abilities {  .class}

Each Volume, you gain a new ability from your class.
Your Inventor Abilities reflect permanent additions to your
stock of creations.
Each ability can be chosen only once.

### Prime Ability

Your hero has the **No Wasted Effort** Prime ability common 
to all Inventors.

:::::: {.ability-list .prime }::::::::::
No Wasted Effort

:   When you advance a Goal, you can choose to
    add some or all of the roll's Effectiveness to 
    the Teamwork Pool instead of using all of it
    it to advance the Goal.

::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

### Volume 1 Abilities

At the start of Volume 1, choose two abilities from this list.

:::::: { .ability-list .v1 } ::::::::

Armorsmith

:   You've invented a suit of armor. Add Armor as a Core
    Power Word and one Personal Power Word from the Dynamo's
    or Paragon's Personal Power Word list.

Flexible Faculties

:   Your abilities extend beyond your inventive endeavours, as you
    possess an actual super-power. Add one Personal Power Word from 
    the Monarch, Monstrosity, or Psychic class lists as a 
    Personal Power Word.

Perspicacious Pettifoggery

:   Using your vast vocabulary of super-scientific knowledge, you can 
    easily out-technobabble your opponents. When you roll to advance
    the Outwit goal, add the largest number of syllables in a Power
    Word you're using to the dice pool, with a maximum of 2 + the Volume.

Stately Skyscraper

:   You have a base of operations at the top of a tall building.
    When you make a skill roll in that building, add 2 
    to the dice pool.

TBD

:   To be determined.

:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

### Volume 2 Abilities

At the start of Volume 2, choose an ability from this list or the Volume 1 list.

:::: {.ability-list .v2} ::::::::::::
Puissant Polymath

:   Your education covered a wide range of topics.  Gain a number of 
    skills equal to the Volume. Add an additional skill at the 
    start of each subsequent Volume.

Weaponsmith

:   You've created a number of weapons with a wide variety of effects.
    At the start of each Storyline, pick a number of Power Words
    from the Dynamo or Shaper Personal Power Words lists
    equal to the Volume.
    You can use each Power Word as a Core Power Word once
    during the current Storyline without paying any Might.

TBD

:   To be determined.

:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

### Volume 3 Abilities

At the start of Volume 3, choose an ability from this list or any previous list.

::::::::: {.ability-list .v3} :::::::
Absorption Field

:   Your defenses include an inertia-dampening force field
    that block harm to you. Instead of losing Health, you can
    lose an equal amount of Might.

Overclocked Systems

:   When you use a Power Display, Stunt, or Combo, choose one
    of the Power Words you're using. Count all 6s in your roll
    as 2 successes instead of 1. You then lose the use of that
    Word after the Display, Stunt, or Combo and don't regain
    it until the end of the current Crisis.

:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::


### Volume 4 Abilities

At the start of Volume 4, choose an ability from this list or any previous list.

:::::: {.ability-list .v4 }::::::::::
TBD

:   To be determined.

TBD

:   To be determined.

:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

### Volume 5 Abilities

At the start of Volume 5, choose an ability from this list or any previous list.

:::::: {.ability-list .v5 }::::::::::
TBD

:   To be determined.

TBD

:   To be determined.

:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

Commit message:

Hero Cave: tag on abilities
You can only have one batcave.

src/classes/inventor.md, after:

::::::::::::::::::::: { .classdata #class-inventor } :::::::::::::::
# The Inventor {#toc-inventor .breakbefore .class}

> I've been itching to try out these new modifications in the field!

Other heroes may have been born with power, inherited power, or been
changed by power -- but you *built* your own power with your own
hand(s).

Whether you have a set of standard equipment, wear a powered suit of armor,
or create whatever you need on the fly, your creations and Skills are more
important than your own powers -- if you even have any.

## Playing an Inventor

Many Inventors tend toward support roles, and your ability to
add to the Teamwork Pool while advancing a goal reflects this.

Don't be afraid to use your Engineer, Hacker, Scientist, or
other skills in conjunction with your Power Words to represent
making on-the-fly adjustments to whatever gear you carry.

## Questions

As you create your Inventor hero, answer any or all of these questions.

:::::::::: questions ::::::::::::::::::::::::
- What kind of gear do you use? 
  - How do you carry that equipment around with you? 
  - What do your inventions look like? 
  - Do you have a specialty or common themes that you tend to invent?
- What potential applications for your tech could improve the world if
  everyone had access to it? 
  - How could your inventions be used to make the world a worse place? 
  - What steps do you take to prevent that from happening? 
  - Why don't the authorities fully trust those steps?
  - In what way could your inventions be turned against you? 
  - What's your blind spot when it comes to the implications of 
    your own creations?
- How did you come by your technical talents? 
- What inspired you to create these inventions? 
  - Why are you the only person who can use your inventions to their full
    potential? 
  - Who helped you create these inventions,
    and how do they feel about you using them?
- How do you pay for your inventions? 
  - Are you publicly linked with your source of funding? 
  - Do you hold patents on any of your inventions?
  - Does anyone *else* hold patents on your inventions?
:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

## Skills

You have the **Engineer**, **Hacker**, and **Scientist** skills, plus two
additional skills of your choice.

Whenever you make a roll that uses your skill, roll an additional number of 
dice equal to the Volume.

## Power Words

You can use your Power Words in the following ways:

- As a **Power Display**, costing no Might
- As a **Power Stunt**, costing 1 Might for each Word beyond the first
- As a **Power Combo**, costing 1 Might and letting others join in
- Joining a **Power Combo**, costing 1 Might.

When you use a Power Word, it goes on cooldown until the start of
the next Hero Phase.

### Core Power Words

Your Core Power Words are **Experimental** and **Prototype**.
You can spend 1 Might point to add one of these to a Power Stunt or Combo,
or 2 Might to add both.

### Personal Power Words

Choose six Personal Power Words from the following list:

::::::::::::: cpw :::::::
- Adapation
- Analyze
- Dynamic
- Emitter
- Energetic
- Force
- Laser
- Miniaturize
- Redirection
- Robotic
- Rocketry
- Protection
- Telemetry
- Transportation
- Wings
:::::::::::::::::::::::::

When you use a **Power Display,** you can add one Personal Power Word for free.

You can use two Power Personal Words together to form a **Power Stunt** or **Power Combo**
by paying 1 Might for each beyond the first.

### Nova Power

Choose any two single words you like; these are your **Nova Power Words**.
When you check off all your Ideals, your Nova Power Words are **Unlocked**
until the end of the current Storyline.

You can use one of your Nova Power Words in a Power Stunt or Combo for free; if you spend
1 Might, you can include the second Nova Power Word as well.

:::::::::::::::::::::::::: classpic ::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::
![Vespa 2.0, Hero of Technopolis](art/jeshields/inventor.png "Vespa 2.0, hero of Technopolis"){.class}
::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

## Inventor Abilities {  .class}

Each Volume, you gain a new ability from your class.
Your Inventor Abilities reflect permanent additions to your
stock of creations.
Each ability can be chosen only once.

### Prime Ability

Your hero has the **No Wasted Effort** Prime ability common 
to all Inventors.

:::::: {.ability-list .prime }::::::::::
No Wasted Effort

:   When you advance a Goal, you can choose to
    add some or all of the roll's Effectiveness to 
    the Teamwork Pool instead of using all of it
    it to advance the Goal.

::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

### Volume 1 Abilities

At the start of Volume 1, choose two abilities from this list.

:::::: { .ability-list .v1 } ::::::::

Armorsmith

:   You've invented a suit of armor. Add Armor as a Core
    Power Word and one Personal Power Word from the Dynamo's
    or Paragon's Personal Power Word list.

Flexible Faculties

:   Your abilities extend beyond your inventive endeavours, as you
    possess an actual super-power. Add one Personal Power Word from 
    the Monarch, Monstrosity, or Psychic class lists as a 
    Personal Power Word.

Perspicacious Pettifoggery

:   Using your vast vocabulary of super-scientific knowledge, you can 
    easily out-technobabble your opponents. When you roll to advance
    the Outwit goal, add the largest number of syllables in a Power
    Word you're using to the dice pool, with a maximum of 2 + the Volume.

Stately Skyscraper

:   *Prerequisite: You can't have another __Hero Cave__ Ability.*
    You have a base of operations at the top of a tall building.
    When you make a skill roll in that building, add 2 to the dice pool.
    This is a *Hero Cave* Ability.

TBD

:   To be determined.

:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

### Volume 2 Abilities

At the start of Volume 2, choose an ability from this list or the Volume 1 list.

:::: {.ability-list .v2} ::::::::::::
Puissant Polymath

:   Your education covered a wide range of topics.  Gain a number of 
    skills equal to the Volume. Add an additional skill at the 
    start of each subsequent Volume.

Weaponsmith

:   You've created a number of weapons with a wide variety of effects.
    At the start of each Storyline, pick a number of Power Words
    from the Dynamo or Shaper Personal Power Words lists
    equal to the Volume.
    You can use each Power Word as a Core Power Word once
    during the current Storyline without paying any Might.

TBD

:   To be determined.

:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

### Volume 3 Abilities

At the start of Volume 3, choose an ability from this list or any previous list.

::::::::: {.ability-list .v3} :::::::
Absorption Field

:   Your defenses include an inertia-dampening force field
    that block harm to you. Instead of losing Health, you can
    lose an equal amount of Might.

Overclocked Systems

:   When you use a Power Display, Stunt, or Combo, choose one
    of the Power Words you're using. Count all 6s in your roll
    as 2 successes instead of 1. You then lose the use of that
    Word after the Display, Stunt, or Combo and don't regain
    it until the end of the current Crisis.

:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::


### Volume 4 Abilities

At the start of Volume 4, choose an ability from this list or any previous list.

:::::: {.ability-list .v4 }::::::::::
TBD

:   To be determined.

TBD

:   To be determined.

:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

### Volume 5 Abilities

At the start of Volume 5, choose an ability from this list or any previous list.

:::::: {.ability-list .v5 }::::::::::
TBD

:   To be determined.

TBD

:   To be determined.

:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::
