src/classes/knight.md, before:

:::::::::::::::::::::: { .classdata #class-knight } :::::::::::::
# The Knight  {#toc-knight .breakbefore .class}

> Hh.

Most other heroes -- with the exception of some Inventors -- have
superhuman powers and abilities. You're not like them. Your own
training and talents are what made you what you are: you may have a
minor super-power, you may have high-tech devices, but ultimately 
it comes down to your skill against someone else's.

## Playing a Knight

When you play your Knight hero, come up with ways to use your
Power Words that reflect your normal abilities instead of any
superpowers you possess. Other heroes -- such as the Dynamo or
the Paragon -- focus on their powers, but you rely on your
Skills, your specialized tools, and your Fighting Styles.

You *can* combine your Fighting Styles with each other and with
your Power Words, so look for synergies there -- nearly every
Knight has a *Weapon* Power Word for that reason. If you pick
*Weapon* (or *Vehicle*), name the general kind of weapon --
Rifle, Boomerang, Sword, Shield, and so on.

If you're going to play a more realistic hero, consider the
*Weapons Locker* Ability for access to more weapon Power Words, and
devote your own Personal Power Words to expanding the variety
of effects you can produce.

## Questions

As you create your Knight hero, answer any or all of these questions.

::::::::::: questions :::::::::::::::::::::::::
- Why are you *so* driven? 
  - Which of your ideals were strong enough to make you 
    devote so much time toward developing your talents? 
  - Did someone hurt you or you those you love, or
    are you motivated by a patroitic or professional calling?
- What kinds of gear do you use? 
  - How do you carry those -- a quiver, a belt, a backpack, or 
    pouches all over your costume?
  - Are your weapons and devices completely mundane, are they
    the result of unrealistic super-science, or are they supernatural
    in origin? 
  - Did you create them, or did someone else?
- Do you have any powers, and if so, how did you come by them?
  - In what ways can you combine those with your more mundane talents?
- Who trained you, and why? 
  - Are they still in your life, in some way? 
  - Are you on good or bad terms with them?
  - Did you learn from one person, or from multiple masters? 
  - Did your instructor(s) have other students,
    and if so, how do you relate to each of them?
:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

## Skills

You have the **Criminal**, **Investigator**, and **Spy** skills, plus four
additional skills of your choice.

Whenever you make a roll that uses your skill, add 2 dice to the Dice Pool.

## Power Words

You can use your Power Words in the following ways:

- As a **Power Display**, cost of no Might
- As a **Power Stunt**, cost of 1 Might (no Might if a Core Power Word, Nova Power Word, or Scene Power Word) for each Word beyond the first
- As a **Power Combo**, cost of 1 Might (no Might if a Core Power Word, Nova Power Word, or Scene Power Word) and letting others potentially join in
- Joining a **Power Combo**, costing 1 Might (no Might if a Core Power Word, Nova Power Word, or Scene Power Word).

When you use a Power Word, it goes on cooldown until the start of
the next Hero Phase.

### Core Power Words

Your Core Power Words are **Prepared** and **Gambit**.
You can spend 1 Might point to add one of these to a Power Stunt or Combo,
or 2 Might to add both.

### Knight Class Personal Power Words

Choose five Personal Power Words from the following list:

::::::::::: cpw :::::::::::::::::
# [Knight Class Personal Power Words](#knight-class-personal-power-words)

- Acrobat
- Aim
- Armor
- Fear
- Fearless
- Hidden
- Improvised
- Line
- Photographic
- Remove
- Ricochet
- Sense
- Shield
- Snare
- Throw
- Unerring
- Vehicle (specific)
- Weapon (specific)
:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

When you use a **Power Display,** you can add one Personal Power Word for free.

You can use two Power Personal Words together to form a **Power Stunt** or **Power Combo**
by paying 1 Might for each beyond the first.

### Nova Power

Choose any two or three single words you like; these are your 
**Nova Power Words**.

At the start of any Storyline, your Nova Power Words are **Locked** and
you can't use them in Power Displays, Stunts, or Combos.

When you mark all your Ideals, your Nova Power Words are **Unlocked**
until the end of the current Storyline.

You can use one of your *Unlocked* Nova Power Words in a Power Stunt 
or Combo for free; if you spend 1 Might, you can include a second 
Nova Power Word as well.

You can use one or more of your *Locked* Nova Power Words in a Power 
Display, Stunt, or Combo by spending 1 Might per Nova Power Word. 
The Nova Power Word remains *Locked*.

:::::::::::::::::::::::::: classpic ::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::
![Percival, The Grailknight](art/jeshields/knight.png "Percival, the Grailknight"){.class}
::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

## Knight Abilities { .class}

Each Volume, you gain a new Ability from your class.
Your Knight Abilities are based on continued training and
perfection of your physical and mental capabilities.
Each Ability can be chosen only once.

### Prime Ability

Your hero has the **Peak Human Potential** Prime Ability common 
to all Knights.

:::::: {.ability-list .prime }::::::::::
Peak Human Potential

:   You represent the pinnacle of human achievement. 
    If you have any powers, they're minor in comparison 
    to your extensive training.

    This is reflected in both your large number of 
    skills and your combat prowess: 

    Choose one additional Fighting Style.
::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

### Volume 1 Knight Class Abilities

At the start of Volume 1, choose two abilities from this list.

::::: {.ability-list .v1 } ::::::::::

Paladin's Faith
:   [Divine]{.crossover}
    You have dedicated yourself to the service of one or more gods.

    You have a variant of the Divine Class's
    **Give Me Strength!** Prime Ability: *Fist of the Deity.*

    Choose one Power Word from the
    [](#divine-class-personal-power-words){.list-link}. Every time
    you choose a new Personal Power Word, you can choose from either
    the
    [](#divine-class-personal-power-words){.list-link} or the
    [](#knight-class-personal-power-words){.list-link .nopage}

    []{.crossover-instead .v2 .divine}
    *TBD: list needed*

    :::::::: box-it :::::::::
    Fist of the Deity
    :  
         Whenever you use your Core or Nova Power Words
         in a Power Display, Stunt or Combo, you can
         count 5s as two successes instead of 1.
    
         If you do, lose either 1 Health or 1 Might 
         after your roll, regardless of many extra 
         successes you gained.
    ::::::::::::::::::::::::::


Team, Together!

:   *Prerequisite: You can't have the __I Work Alone__ Knight Class Ability.*
    You are a natural leader and members of your hero team
    look to you for leadership.
    Add 2 additional successes to the Dice Pool whenever you 
    roll to add to the Teamwork Pool.

Toughness

:   Your training focuses on increasing your capacity to
    withstand pain. Increase your maximum Health by 2.

Trick Arrows

:   []{.arsenal-prereq}
    You have specialized weapons, each for a different job.

    At the start of each Storyline, pick a number of Power Words
    from the 
    [Dynamo Class Energy Core Power Words](#dynamo-class-energy-core-power-words),
    [Dynamo Class Personal Power Words](#dynamo-class-energy-core-power-words),
    [Paragon Class Personal Power Words](#paragon-class-personal-power-words) 
    lists
    equal to the Volume.

    You can use each Power Word as a Core Power Word once
    during the current Storyline without paying any Might.

    []{.arsenal-id}

Weapons Locker
:   []{.arsenal-prereq}
    You have a huge cache of conventional weapons.

    At the start of each Storyline, pick a number of Power Words
    from the [](#weapons-locker-core-power-words-list){.list-link}
    equal to the Volume as Core Power Words.

    :::::::: cpw ::::::::::::
    #[Weapons Locker Core Power Words List]{.weapons-locker-core-power-words}
    - Automatic
    - Bazooka
    - Bullets 
    - Concealed
    - Grenade
    - Handgun
    - Knife
    - Non-Lethal
    - Reload
    - Rifle
    - Rocket
    - Scope
    - Sword 
    - Stun
    ::::::::::::::::::::::::::

    []{.arsenal-id}

:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

### Volume 2 Knight Class Abilities

At the start of Volume 2, choose an ability from this list or the Volume 1 list.

:::::::: {.ability-list .v2 } :::::::
I Work Alone

:   *Prerequisite: You can't have the __Team, Together!__ Knight Class Ability.*
    Some people are just reluctant team members.  When you roll to 
    create or add to the Teamwork Pool, you can choose to add the 
    roll's Effectiveness to your maximum and current Health or Might 
    instead of the Teamwork Pool.

Skill Mastery

:   Your education covered a wide range of topics.  Gain a number of
    skills equal to the Volume. Add an additional skill at the
    start of each subsequent Volume.

    []{.repeat}
    When you
    do, the three skills you gain must be different skills. You only gain
    one skill at the start of each subsequent Volume, no matter how many
    times you've taken this Ability.

Patriot

:   [Monarch]{.crossover .new}
    Add your home country's name as a Core Power Word. You also
    gain a version of the Monarch's *For My Kingdom!* Prime
    ability, *For My Country!*

    :::::::: box-it ::::::::::
    For My Country!
    :   Whenever you roll to form or add to the Teamwork Pool,
        you can declare the current Crisis is an existential
        threat to your country. If you do, add 2 dice to that roll.
    ::::::::::::::::::::::::::

    Whenever you add a Personal Power Word, you can choose from
    either the 
    [](#knight-class-personal-power-words){.list-link .nopage} or the
    [](#monarch-class-persona-power-words){.list-link}. If
    you choose from the latter list, add such words as
    Core Power Words.

    []{.crossover-instead .v3 .monarch}
    *Force of the Land (5th)*, *Soul of the Land (3rd)*, 
    *Vengeance is Mine (3rd)*, *Unkillable (3rd)* and
    *Inspiring Leadership (3rd)* are among the most applicable 
    Monarch Class Abilities to consider.

    []{.repeat} When you do, add a subsection of your 
    original home country as a Nova Power Word.  

:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

### Volume 3 Knight Class Abilities

At the start of Volume 3, choose an ability from this list or any previous list.

:::::::: {.ability-list .v3 } :::::::
Implacable Foe

:   Your determination may be your greatest asset.
    Instead of losing Health, you can lose an equal
    amount of Might.
    [Mind Over Matter]{.variant .psychic}

Tactical Mastery

:   Your mastery of combat techniques is unparalleled.
    Gain a number of fighting styles equal to the Volume.
    Add an additional fighting style at the start of each 
    later Volume.

    []{.repeat .semi-colon}
    each time, you must choose different Fighting Styles. Only
    add one Fighting Style for each subsequent Volume, regardless
    of how many times you've chosen this Ability.

:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

### Volume 4 Knight Class Abilities

At the start of Volume 4, choose an ability from this list or any previous list.

:::::: {.ability-list .v4 }::::::::::
Custom Super-Mobile

:   [Wheelman]{.crossover .new}
    You have a variant of the Wheelman Class's 
    *_Unique Vehicle_ Class Ability*: *Custom Ride*.

    :::::::::::: box-it :::::::::::::::::
    Custom Ride
    :  You have a custom-built vehicle unlike any other.

       Choose a Power Word from the
       [](#wheelman-class-core-scene-power-words){.list-link}
       as a Core Vehicle Power Word, to represent the form of your 
       Custom Ride.
       The type of vehicle matches the Vehicle Core Power Word
       that you chose. Each Custom Ride has a set of Vehicle
       Scene Power Words.

       Your Custom Ride's **Maximum Health** and
       **Maximum Might** equal the **sum of your own Maximum
       Health plus your Maximum Might**. When your maximum Health
       or Might change, recalculate the Vehicle's Maximum Health
       and Maximum Might.

       Your Custom Ride can comfortably carry a number of 
       human-sized passengers equal to the Volume.

       Whenever you add a Personal Power Word, you can instead add
       a Vehicle Scene Power Word from the 
       [](#wheelman-class-vehicle-scene-power-word){.list-link}
       to your Custom Ride.

       In addition, you are considered to have the **Ace Fighting 
       Style** whenever you are in your Custom Ride.
    :::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

    []{.crossover-instead .wheelman .v4}
    *Intelligent Vehicle* (1st),
    *Dude, Where's your Car? (1st)*, *Haunted Vehicle (1st)*,
    *Cursed Vehicle (1st)*, *High-Tech Vehicle (1st)*, 
    *Autonomous Operation (1st)*, and *More than Meets the Eye 
    (2nd)* are among the most applicable Wheelman Class 
    Abilities to consider.

    []{.repeat} If
    you do, you create another vehicle each time you take this 
    Ability. Track each Wheelman Power Word and Class Ability 
    separately, assigning each to a specific Custom Ride.

Dread Creature of the Night

:   [Totem]{.crossover .new}
    You have chosen one specific type of animal to emulate in
    your war on crime. 

    Choose one Power Word from the
    [](#totem-class-nature-core-power-words), and add it as a
    Core Power Word. Unlike the Totem class, you don't physically or
    spiritually become that animal; you just draw upon its abilities
    as inspiration.

    You have a variant of Totem Class's 
    *_Does Whatever a Totem Can_ Class Ability*:
    *Does Many Things a Totem Can Do*:

    ::::::::::::: box-it ::::::::::::
    Does Many Things a Totem Can Do
    :   When you use your Nature Core Power Word in a Power Stunt or 
        Combo roll, add 2 dice as if you had a skill or fighting style
        that applies to such a use.
    :::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

### Volume 5 Knight Class Abilities

At the start of Volume 5, choose an Ability from this list or any previous list.

:::::: {.ability-list .v5 }::::::::::
:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

Commit message:

Crossover abilities
Added .crossover-consider CSS text.

src/classes/knight.md, after:

:::::::::::::::::::::: { .classdata #class-knight } :::::::::::::
# The Knight  {#toc-knight .breakbefore .class}

> Hh.

Most other heroes -- with the exception of some Inventors -- have
superhuman powers and abilities. You're not like them. Your own
training and talents are what made you what you are: you may have a
minor super-power, you may have high-tech devices, but ultimately 
it comes down to your skill against someone else's.

## Playing a Knight

When you play your Knight hero, come up with ways to use your
Power Words that reflect your normal abilities instead of any
superpowers you possess. Other heroes -- such as the Dynamo or
the Paragon -- focus on their powers, but you rely on your
Skills, your specialized tools, and your Fighting Styles.

You *can* combine your Fighting Styles with each other and with
your Power Words, so look for synergies there -- nearly every
Knight has a *Weapon* Power Word for that reason. If you pick
*Weapon* (or *Vehicle*), name the general kind of weapon --
Rifle, Boomerang, Sword, Shield, and so on.

If you're going to play a more realistic hero, consider the
*Weapons Locker* Ability for access to more weapon Power Words, and
devote your own Personal Power Words to expanding the variety
of effects you can produce.

## Questions

As you create your Knight hero, answer any or all of these questions.

::::::::::: questions :::::::::::::::::::::::::
- Why are you *so* driven? 
  - Which of your ideals were strong enough to make you 
    devote so much time toward developing your talents? 
  - Did someone hurt you or you those you love, or
    are you motivated by a patroitic or professional calling?
- What kinds of gear do you use? 
  - How do you carry those -- a quiver, a belt, a backpack, or 
    pouches all over your costume?
  - Are your weapons and devices completely mundane, are they
    the result of unrealistic super-science, or are they supernatural
    in origin? 
  - Did you create them, or did someone else?
- Do you have any powers, and if so, how did you come by them?
  - In what ways can you combine those with your more mundane talents?
- Who trained you, and why? 
  - Are they still in your life, in some way? 
  - Are you on good or bad terms with them?
  - Did you learn from one person, or from multiple masters? 
  - Did your instructor(s) have other students,
    and if so, how do you relate to each of them?
:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

## Skills

You have the **Criminal**, **Investigator**, and **Spy** skills, plus four
additional skills of your choice.

Whenever you make a roll that uses your skill, add 2 dice to the Dice Pool.

## Power Words

You can use your Power Words in the following ways:

- As a **Power Display**, cost of no Might
- As a **Power Stunt**, cost of 1 Might (no Might if a Core Power Word, Nova Power Word, or Scene Power Word) for each Word beyond the first
- As a **Power Combo**, cost of 1 Might (no Might if a Core Power Word, Nova Power Word, or Scene Power Word) and letting others potentially join in
- Joining a **Power Combo**, costing 1 Might (no Might if a Core Power Word, Nova Power Word, or Scene Power Word).

When you use a Power Word, it goes on cooldown until the start of
the next Hero Phase.

### Core Power Words

Your Core Power Words are **Prepared** and **Gambit**.
You can spend 1 Might point to add one of these to a Power Stunt or Combo,
or 2 Might to add both.

### Knight Class Personal Power Words

Choose five Personal Power Words from the following list:

::::::::::: cpw :::::::::::::::::
# [Knight Class Personal Power Words](#knight-class-personal-power-words)

- Acrobat
- Aim
- Armor
- Fear
- Fearless
- Hidden
- Improvised
- Line
- Photographic
- Remove
- Ricochet
- Sense
- Shield
- Snare
- Throw
- Unerring
- Vehicle (specific)
- Weapon (specific)
:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

When you use a **Power Display,** you can add one Personal Power Word for free.

You can use two Power Personal Words together to form a **Power Stunt** or **Power Combo**
by paying 1 Might for each beyond the first.

### Nova Power

Choose any two or three single words you like; these are your 
**Nova Power Words**.

At the start of any Storyline, your Nova Power Words are **Locked** and
you can't use them in Power Displays, Stunts, or Combos.

When you mark all your Ideals, your Nova Power Words are **Unlocked**
until the end of the current Storyline.

You can use one of your *Unlocked* Nova Power Words in a Power Stunt 
or Combo for free; if you spend 1 Might, you can include a second 
Nova Power Word as well.

You can use one or more of your *Locked* Nova Power Words in a Power 
Display, Stunt, or Combo by spending 1 Might per Nova Power Word. 
The Nova Power Word remains *Locked*.

:::::::::::::::::::::::::: classpic ::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::
![Percival, The Grailknight](art/jeshields/knight.png "Percival, the Grailknight"){.class}
::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

## Knight Abilities { .class}

Each Volume, you gain a new Ability from your class.
Your Knight Abilities are based on continued training and
perfection of your physical and mental capabilities.
Each Ability can be chosen only once.

### Prime Ability

Your hero has the **Peak Human Potential** Prime Ability common 
to all Knights.

:::::: {.ability-list .prime }::::::::::
Peak Human Potential

:   You represent the pinnacle of human achievement. 
    If you have any powers, they're minor in comparison 
    to your extensive training.

    This is reflected in both your large number of 
    skills and your combat prowess: 

    Choose one additional Fighting Style.
::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

### Volume 1 Knight Class Abilities

At the start of Volume 1, choose two abilities from this list.

::::: {.ability-list .v1 } ::::::::::

Paladin's Faith
:   [Divine]{.crossover}
    You have dedicated yourself to the service of one or more gods.

    You have a variant of the Divine Class's
    **Give Me Strength!** Prime Ability: *Fist of the Deity.*

    Choose one Power Word from the
    [](#divine-class-personal-power-words){.list-link}. Every time
    you choose a new Personal Power Word, you can choose from either
    the
    [](#divine-class-personal-power-words){.list-link} or the
    [](#knight-class-personal-power-words){.list-link .nopage}

    []{.crossover-instead .v2 .divine}
    *TBD: list needed*

    :::::::: box-it :::::::::
    Fist of the Deity
    :  
         Whenever you use your Core or Nova Power Words
         in a Power Display, Stunt or Combo, you can
         count 5s as two successes instead of 1.
    
         If you do, lose either 1 Health or 1 Might 
         after your roll, regardless of many extra 
         successes you gained.
    ::::::::::::::::::::::::::


Team, Together!

:   *Prerequisite: You can't have the __I Work Alone__ Knight Class Ability.*
    You are a natural leader and members of your hero team
    look to you for leadership.
    Add 2 additional successes to the Dice Pool whenever you 
    roll to add to the Teamwork Pool.

Toughness

:   Your training focuses on increasing your capacity to
    withstand pain. Increase your maximum Health by 2.

Trick Arrows

:   []{.arsenal-prereq}
    You have specialized weapons, each for a different job.

    At the start of each Storyline, pick a number of Power Words
    from the 
    [Dynamo Class Energy Core Power Words](#dynamo-class-energy-core-power-words){.list-link},
    [Dynamo Class Personal Power Words](#dynamo-class-energy-core-power-words){.list-link},
    [Inventor Class Personal Power Words](#inventor-class-personal-power-words){.list-link},
    [Paragon Class Personal Power Words](#paragon-class-personal-power-words){.list-link .plural} 
    equal to the Volume.

    You can use each Power Word as a Core Power Word once
    during the current Storyline without paying any Might.

    []{.arsenal-id}

Weapons Locker
:   []{.arsenal-prereq}
    You have a huge cache of conventional weapons.

    At the start of each Storyline, pick a number of Power Words
    from the [](#weapons-locker-core-power-words-list){.list-link}
    equal to the Volume as Core Power Words.

    :::::::: cpw ::::::::::::
    #[Weapons Locker Core Power Words List]{.weapons-locker-core-power-words}

    - Automatic
    - Bazooka
    - Bullets 
    - Concealed
    - Grenade
    - Handgun
    - Knife
    - Non-Lethal
    - Reload
    - Rifle
    - Rocket
    - Scope
    - Sword 
    - Stun
    ::::::::::::::::::::::::::

    []{.arsenal-id}

:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

### Volume 2 Knight Class Abilities

At the start of Volume 2, choose an ability from this list or the Volume 1 list.

:::::::: {.ability-list .v2 } :::::::
I Work Alone

:   *Prerequisite: You can't have the __Team, Together!__ Knight Class Ability.*
    Some people are just reluctant team members.  When you roll to 
    create or add to the Teamwork Pool, you can choose to add the 
    roll's Effectiveness to your maximum and current Health or Might 
    instead of the Teamwork Pool.

Skill Mastery

:   Your education covered a wide range of topics.  Gain a number of
    skills equal to the Volume. Add an additional skill at the
    start of each subsequent Volume.

    []{.repeat}
    When you
    do, the three skills you gain must be different skills. You only gain
    one skill at the start of each subsequent Volume, no matter how many
    times you've taken this Ability.

Patriot

:   [Monarch]{.crossover .new}
    Add your home country's name as a Core Power Word. You also
    gain a version of the Monarch's *For My Kingdom!* Prime
    ability, *For My Country!*

    :::::::: box-it ::::::::::
    For My Country!
    :   Whenever you roll to form or add to the Teamwork Pool,
        you can declare the current Crisis is an existential
        threat to your country. If you do, add 2 dice to that roll.
    ::::::::::::::::::::::::::

    Whenever you add a Personal Power Word, you can choose from
    either the 
    [](#knight-class-personal-power-words){.list-link .nopage} or the
    [](#monarch-class-persona-power-words){.list-link}. If
    you choose from the latter list, add such words as
    Core Power Words.

    []{.crossover-instead .v3 .monarch}
    *Force of the Land (5th)*, *Soul of the Land (3rd)*, 
    *Vengeance is Mine (3rd)*, *Unkillable (3rd)* and
    *Inspiring Leadership (3rd)* are among the most applicable 
    Monarch Class Abilities to consider.

    []{.repeat} When you do, add a subsection of your 
    original home country as a Nova Power Word.  

:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

### Volume 3 Knight Class Abilities

At the start of Volume 3, choose an ability from this list or any previous list.

:::::::: {.ability-list .v3 } :::::::
Implacable Foe

:   Your determination may be your greatest asset.  Instead of losing Health, 
    you can lose an equal amount of Might.
    [Mind Over Matter]{.variant .psychic}

Tactical Mastery

:   Your mastery of combat techniques is unparalleled.
    Gain a number of fighting styles equal to the Volume.
    Add an additional fighting style at the start of each 
    later Volume.

    []{.repeat .semi-colon}
    each time, you must choose different Fighting Styles. Only
    add one Fighting Style for each subsequent Volume, regardless
    of how many times you've chosen this Ability.

:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

### Volume 4 Knight Class Abilities

At the start of Volume 4, choose an ability from this list or any previous list.

:::::: {.ability-list .v4 }::::::::::
Custom Super-Mobile

:   [Wheelman]{.crossover .new}
    You have a variant of the Wheelman Class's 
    *_Unique Vehicle_ Class Ability*: *Custom Ride*.

    :::::::::::: box-it :::::::::::::::::
    Custom Ride
    :  You have a custom-built vehicle unlike any other.

       Choose a Power Word from the
       [](#wheelman-class-core-scene-power-words){.list-link}
       as a Core Vehicle Power Word, to represent the form of your 
       Custom Ride.
       The type of vehicle matches the Vehicle Core Power Word
       that you chose. Each Custom Ride has a set of Vehicle
       Scene Power Words.

       Your Custom Ride's **Maximum Health** and
       **Maximum Might** equal the **sum of your own Maximum
       Health plus your Maximum Might**. When your maximum Health
       or Might change, recalculate the Vehicle's Maximum Health
       and Maximum Might.

       Your Custom Ride can comfortably carry a number of 
       human-sized passengers equal to the Volume.

       Whenever you add a Personal Power Word, you can instead add
       a Vehicle Scene Power Word from the 
       [](#wheelman-class-vehicle-scene-power-word){.list-link}
       to your Custom Ride.

       In addition, you are considered to have the **Ace Fighting 
       Style** whenever you are in your Custom Ride.
    :::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

    []{.crossover-instead .wheelman .v4}
    *Intelligent Vehicle* (1st),
    *Dude, Where's your Car? (1st)*, *Haunted Vehicle (1st)*,
    *Cursed Vehicle (1st)*, *High-Tech Vehicle (1st)*, 
    *Autonomous Operation (1st)*, and *More than Meets the Eye (2nd)* 
    []{.crossover-consider .wheelman}.

    []{.repeat} If
    you do, you create another vehicle each time you take this 
    Ability. Track each Wheelman Power Word and Class Ability 
    separately, assigning each to a specific Custom Ride.

Dread Creature of the Night

:   [Totem]{.crossover .new}
    You have chosen one specific type of animal to emulate in
    your war on crime. 

    Choose one Power Word from the
    [](#totem-class-nature-core-power-words){.list-link}, and add it as a
    Core Power Word. Unlike the Totem class, you don't physically or
    spiritually become that animal; you just draw upon its abilities
    as inspiration.

    You have a variant of Totem Class's 
    *_Does Whatever a Totem Can_ Class Ability*:
    *Does Many Things a Totem Can Do*:

    ::::::::::::: box-it ::::::::::::
    Does Many Things a Totem Can Do
    :   When you use your Nature Core Power Word in a Power Stunt or 
        Combo roll, add 2 dice as if you had a skill or fighting style
        that applies to such a use.
    :::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

### Volume 5 Knight Class Abilities

At the start of Volume 5, choose an Ability from this list or any previous list.

:::::: {.ability-list .v5 }::::::::::
:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::
