src/classes/mage.md, before:

::::::::::::::::::::::::::: { .classdata #class-mage } ::::::::
# The Mage {#toc-mage .breakbefore .class}

> By the Blistering Bonds of Brathoon, be banished!

Mages wield a source of power that can be shaped into nearly
anything they can imagine. For a few this power is a gift bestowed
upon them, but all Mages spend time studying, perfecting, and
controlling their magicks.

## Playing a Mage

As a mage, your hero is likely one of the most powerful around.
Not only is it *very* easy to justify using the *Sorcery* Core
Power Word for nearly anything but your class ability,
*The Price of Magic*, increases the Effectiveness of your
rolls if you're willing to take the consequences of Edge
Successes.

And you *should* be willing to take those, because that's how
the Mage class plays. You've got a lot of magical power, but there's
a price to pay for it.

## Questions

As you create your Mage hero, answer any or all of these questions.

:::::::::: questions :::::::::::::::::::
- All magic has a price -- so what was the *first* price you had to pay?
  - What quality, talent, item, or relationship did you give up in order
    to gain magical power? 
  - Was it worth it?
- How do you cast your magical spells? 
  - Do you use an incantation, or
    merely gesture with your hand while envisioning the effect you'd
    like to produce?
- What does your magic look like? 
  - Is there a color associated with it?
  - Are there common sounds, sights, or smells when you cast a spell?
- Are there types of magic you can't evoke?
- What master wizard instructed you? 
  - What price did *they* demand? 
  - Did they have other students? 
  - Can you still ask your master for advice?
- How do you view the world in a way that's different from heroes and
  others who aren't immersed in a magical mindset? 
  - What strange quirks do you have? 
  - What rituals do you follow that others couldn't possibly
    understand?
- What happens if your power gets out of your control?
::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

## Skills

You have the **Historian** and  **Mystic** skills, plus two
additional skills of your choice.

Whenever you make a roll that uses your skill, roll an additional number of 
dice equal to the Volume.

## Prime Ability

Your hero has the **Price of Magic** Prime ability common 
to all Mages.

:::::: {.ability-list .prime }::::::::::
Price of Magic

:   When you use one of your Core or Nova Power Words 
    in a Power Stunt or Combo, count 2s as Edge
    Successes in addition to 1s.
::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

## Power Words

You can use your Power Words in the following ways:

- As a **Power Display**, costing no Might
- As a **Power Stunt**, costing 1 Might for each Word beyond the first
- As a **Power Combo**, costing 1 Might and letting others join in
- Joining a **Power Combo**, costing 1 Might.

When you use a Power Word, it goes on cooldown until the start of
the next Hero Phase.

### Core Power Words

Your Core Power Words are **Sorcery** and **Supreme**.
You can spend 1 Might point to add one of these to a Power Stunt or Combo,
or 2 Might to add both.

### Personal Power Words

Choose six Personal Power Words from the following list:

::::::::::::: cpw :::::::
- Bands
- Banish
- Blast
- Extradimensional
- Flight
- Magic
- Sense
- Shatter
- Shield
- Space
- Summon
- Time
- Travel
- Ward
- *TBD*
:::::::::::::::::::::::::

When you use a **Power Display,** you can add one Personal Power Word for free.

You can use two Power Personal Words together to form a **Power Stunt** or **Power Combo**
by paying 1 Might for each beyond the first.

### Nova Power

Choose any two single words you like; these are your **Nova Power Words**.
When you check off all your Ideals, your Nova Power Words are **Unlocked**
until the end of the current Storyline.

You can use one of your Nova Power Words in a Power Stunt or Combo for free; if you spend
1 Might, you can include the second Nova Power Word as well.

:::::::::::::::::::::::::: classpic ::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::
![Jack Dee, the Master Magister](art/jeshields/mage.png "Jack Dee, the Master Magister"){.class}
::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

## Mage Abilities {  .class}

Each Volume, you gain a new ability from your class.
Your Mage Abilities are new ways of calling upon arcane power.
Each ability can be chosen only once.

### Volume 1 Abilities

At the start of Volume 1, choose two abilities from this list.

::::::: {.ability-list .v1 } ::::::::

Auspicious Alliteration

:   Everyone enjoys euphonious enunciation! When you roll a Power Stunt
    or Power Combo to add to the Teamwork Pool, add 1 die to the dice pool 
    for each Word whose first letter matches the first letter of 
    another Word in the Stunt or Combo.

Mists of Misdirection

:   Your magicks can cloud the minds of mortals. Add 2 dice when you use
    a power to advance the Outwit or Rescue goals.

Sanctuary of Sanctity

:   You have a base of operations hidden in a normal-looking building
    or tower. When you make a skill roll in that building, add 2
    to the dice pool.

Theurgy

:   Your magic is grounded in the magic of the Gods themselves.
    Choose one Power Word from the Divine Class Personal Power 
    Word List as a Core Power Word.

    You have a variant of the Divine Class Prime Ability
    *_Give Me Strength!_*: *Invoke the Divine.*

    When you use your Core or Nova Power Words in a Power
    Stunt or Combo, you can count 6s as two successes 
    instead of 1. If you do, lose either 1 Health or 1
    Might after your roll, regardless of how many extra
    successes you gained.

    Instead of choosing a Volume 2 Mage Ability, you can
    choose a Volume 2 or lower Ability from the Divine
    Class. *Weapon of the Gods (1st)*, 
    *Speed of Hermes (2nd)* and
    *Skill of Artemis (3rd)* are among the most applicable
    Divine Class Abilities to consider.
    
Thinking with Portals

:   Add Portal as a Personal Power Word. You can make the General
    Alert move for free, without spending from the Teamwork Pool.


:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

### Volume 2 Abilities

At the start of Volume 2, choose an ability from this list or the Volume 1 list.

:::::::: {.ability-list .v2 } :::::::
Arcane Arsenal

:   At the start of each Storyline, pick a number of Power Words
    from the Psychic or Shaper Personal Power Words lists
    equal to the Volume.

    [Psychic, Shaper]{.crossover}
    You can use each Power Word as a Core Power Word once
    during the current Storyline without paying any Might.

Diabloist

:   Much of your power is drawn from the pits of Hell and
    other dark sources. You might not serve evil directly, 
    but perhaps you've stolen power from Hell to use on the
    side of angels?

    [Hellspawn]{.crossover}
    You have a variant of the Hellspawn Class's Prime
    Ability *Infernal Wrath*: *Hellish Rebuke.*

    Add *Flame*, *Darkness* and *Demon* as Core Power Words. 
    Whenever you add a Personal Power Word, you can pick 
    either one from the Hellspawn Class Personal Power Words 
    List or the Mage Class Personal Power Words List.

    Instead of choosing a Volume 3 or higher Mage Ability,
    you can choose a Hellspawn Class Ability of the same
    Volume or lower.
    
Eldritch Might

:   Your power continues to grow, but at what cost? Increase your
    maximum Might by 5.

:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

### Volume 3 Abilities

At the start of Volume 3, choose an ability from this list or any previous list.

:::::::: {.ability-list .v3 } :::::::
Arcane Infusion

:   You can impart some of your magical power to another hero.
    Choose two of your Power Words. Until the
    end of the current Storyline, they gain those Words as Core 
    Power Words. You can only do this once per Storyline.

Healing Mantra

:   You can use your magic to heal your allies. As an action, roll a
    Power Display, Stunt, or Combo. One or more heroes of your choice
    regain a total amount of Health equal to the Effectiveness of your
    roll plus the Volume.

:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

### Volume 4 Abilities

At the start of Volume 4, choose an ability from this list or any previous list.

:::::: {.ability-list .v4 }::::::::::
TBD

:   To be determined.

TBD

:   To be determined.

:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

### Volume 5 Abilities

At the start of Volume 5, choose an ability from this list or any previous list.

:::::: {.ability-list .v5 }::::::::::
TBD

:   To be determined.

TBD

:   To be determined.

:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

Commit message:

Hero Cave: tag on abilities
You can only have one batcave.

src/classes/mage.md, after:

::::::::::::::::::::::::::: { .classdata #class-mage } ::::::::
# The Mage {#toc-mage .breakbefore .class}

> By the Blistering Bonds of Brathoon, be banished!

Mages wield a source of power that can be shaped into nearly
anything they can imagine. For a few this power is a gift bestowed
upon them, but all Mages spend time studying, perfecting, and
controlling their magicks.

## Playing a Mage

As a mage, your hero is likely one of the most powerful around.
Not only is it *very* easy to justify using the *Sorcery* Core
Power Word for nearly anything but your class ability,
*The Price of Magic*, increases the Effectiveness of your
rolls if you're willing to take the consequences of Edge
Successes.

And you *should* be willing to take those, because that's how
the Mage class plays. You've got a lot of magical power, but there's
a price to pay for it.

## Questions

As you create your Mage hero, answer any or all of these questions.

:::::::::: questions :::::::::::::::::::
- All magic has a price -- so what was the *first* price you had to pay?
  - What quality, talent, item, or relationship did you give up in order
    to gain magical power? 
  - Was it worth it?
- How do you cast your magical spells? 
  - Do you use an incantation, or
    merely gesture with your hand while envisioning the effect you'd
    like to produce?
- What does your magic look like? 
  - Is there a color associated with it?
  - Are there common sounds, sights, or smells when you cast a spell?
- Are there types of magic you can't evoke?
- What master wizard instructed you? 
  - What price did *they* demand? 
  - Did they have other students? 
  - Can you still ask your master for advice?
- How do you view the world in a way that's different from heroes and
  others who aren't immersed in a magical mindset? 
  - What strange quirks do you have? 
  - What rituals do you follow that others couldn't possibly
    understand?
- What happens if your power gets out of your control?
::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

## Skills

You have the **Historian** and  **Mystic** skills, plus two
additional skills of your choice.

Whenever you make a roll that uses your skill, roll an additional number of 
dice equal to the Volume.

## Prime Ability

Your hero has the **Price of Magic** Prime ability common 
to all Mages.

:::::: {.ability-list .prime }::::::::::
Price of Magic

:   When you use one of your Core or Nova Power Words 
    in a Power Stunt or Combo, count 2s as Edge
    Successes in addition to 1s.
::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

## Power Words

You can use your Power Words in the following ways:

- As a **Power Display**, costing no Might
- As a **Power Stunt**, costing 1 Might for each Word beyond the first
- As a **Power Combo**, costing 1 Might and letting others join in
- Joining a **Power Combo**, costing 1 Might.

When you use a Power Word, it goes on cooldown until the start of
the next Hero Phase.

### Core Power Words

Your Core Power Words are **Sorcery** and **Supreme**.
You can spend 1 Might point to add one of these to a Power Stunt or Combo,
or 2 Might to add both.

### Personal Power Words

Choose six Personal Power Words from the following list:

::::::::::::: cpw :::::::
- Bands
- Banish
- Blast
- Extradimensional
- Flight
- Magic
- Sense
- Shatter
- Shield
- Space
- Summon
- Time
- Travel
- Ward
- *TBD*
:::::::::::::::::::::::::

When you use a **Power Display,** you can add one Personal Power Word for free.

You can use two Power Personal Words together to form a **Power Stunt** or **Power Combo**
by paying 1 Might for each beyond the first.

### Nova Power

Choose any two single words you like; these are your **Nova Power Words**.
When you check off all your Ideals, your Nova Power Words are **Unlocked**
until the end of the current Storyline.

You can use one of your Nova Power Words in a Power Stunt or Combo for free; if you spend
1 Might, you can include the second Nova Power Word as well.

:::::::::::::::::::::::::: classpic ::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::
![Jack Dee, the Master Magister](art/jeshields/mage.png "Jack Dee, the Master Magister"){.class}
::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

## Mage Abilities {  .class}

Each Volume, you gain a new ability from your class.
Your Mage Abilities are new ways of calling upon arcane power.
Each ability can be chosen only once.

### Volume 1 Abilities

At the start of Volume 1, choose two abilities from this list.

::::::: {.ability-list .v1 } ::::::::

Auspicious Alliteration

:   Everyone enjoys euphonious enunciation! When you roll a Power Stunt
    or Power Combo to add to the Teamwork Pool, add 1 die to the dice pool 
    for each Word whose first letter matches the first letter of 
    another Word in the Stunt or Combo.

Mists of Misdirection

:   Your magicks can cloud the minds of mortals. Add 2 dice when you use
    a power to advance the Outwit or Rescue goals.

Sanctuary of Sanctity

:   *Prerequisite: You can't have another __Hero Cave__ Ability.*
    You have a base of operations hidden in a normal-looking building
    or tower. When you make a skill roll in that building, add 2
    to the dice pool.
    This is a *Hero Cave* Ability.

Theurgy

:   Your magic is grounded in the magic of the Gods themselves.
    Choose one Power Word from the Divine Class Personal Power 
    Word List as a Core Power Word.

    You have a variant of the Divine Class Prime Ability
    *_Give Me Strength!_*: *Invoke the Divine.*

    When you use your Core or Nova Power Words in a Power
    Stunt or Combo, you can count 6s as two successes 
    instead of 1. If you do, lose either 1 Health or 1
    Might after your roll, regardless of how many extra
    successes you gained.

    Instead of choosing a Volume 2 Mage Ability, you can
    choose a Volume 2 or lower Ability from the Divine
    Class. *Weapon of the Gods (1st)*, 
    *Speed of Hermes (2nd)* and
    *Skill of Artemis (3rd)* are among the most applicable
    Divine Class Abilities to consider.
    
Thinking with Portals

:   Add Portal as a Personal Power Word. You can make the General
    Alert move for free, without spending from the Teamwork Pool.


:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

### Volume 2 Abilities

At the start of Volume 2, choose an ability from this list or the Volume 1 list.

:::::::: {.ability-list .v2 } :::::::
Arcane Arsenal

:   At the start of each Storyline, pick a number of Power Words
    from the Psychic or Shaper Personal Power Words lists
    equal to the Volume.

    [Psychic, Shaper]{.crossover}
    You can use each Power Word as a Core Power Word once
    during the current Storyline without paying any Might.

Diabloist

:   Much of your power is drawn from the pits of Hell and
    other dark sources. You might not serve evil directly, 
    but perhaps you've stolen power from Hell to use on the
    side of angels?

    [Hellspawn, Mage]{.crossover .es}
    You have a variant of the Hellspawn Class's Prime
    Ability *Infernal Wrath*: *Hellish Rebuke.*

    Add *Flame*, *Darkness* and *Demon* as Core Power Words. 
    Whenever you add a Personal Power Word, you can pick 
    either one from the Hellspawn Class Personal Power Words 
    List or the Mage Class Personal Power Words List.

    Instead of choosing a Volume 3 or higher Mage Ability,
    you can choose a Hellspawn Class Ability of the same
    Volume or lower.
    
Eldritch Might

:   Your power continues to grow, but at what cost? Increase your
    maximum Might by 5.

:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

### Volume 3 Abilities

At the start of Volume 3, choose an ability from this list or any previous list.

:::::::: {.ability-list .v3 } :::::::
Arcane Infusion

:   You can impart some of your magical power to another hero.
    Choose two of your Power Words. Until the
    end of the current Storyline, they gain those Words as Core 
    Power Words. You can only do this once per Storyline.

Healing Mantra

:   []{.move .hero} You can use your magic to heal your allies. 
    As your move during the Hero Phase, roll a Power Display, Stunt, or 
    Combo. One or more heroes of your choice regain a total amount of 
    Health equal to the Effectiveness of your roll plus the Volume.

:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

### Volume 4 Abilities

At the start of Volume 4, choose an ability from this list or any previous list.

:::::: {.ability-list .v4 }::::::::::
TBD

:   To be determined.

TBD

:   To be determined.

:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

### Volume 5 Abilities

At the start of Volume 5, choose an ability from this list or any previous list.

:::::: {.ability-list .v5 }::::::::::
TBD

:   To be determined.

TBD

:   To be determined.

:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::
