src/classes/monarch.md, before:

:::::::::::::::::: { .classdata #class-monarch } :::::::::::
# The Monarch  {#toc-monarch .breakbefore .class}

> I shall forgive you but once for your disrespect.

You are a leader in a city, nation, or people who exist outside of
mainstream international society. 

Your ways may seem unorthodox and even arrogant to those unfamiliar
with your culture, but their ignorance can be excused ... mostly.

Although you fight for justice and freedom for all, you feel a special
obligation to protect your home -- even if you don't currently live
there.

## Playing a Monarch

Your Monarch hero is most strongly defined by their home than by their
Powers, Approaches, or Skills. You're most effective against threats
against that home. 

It's up to you to decide if any given Crisis endangers your domain, 
so you may want to ask the Editor or other players during the Countdown
to Crisis about ideas to tie your home to the current situation.

## Questions

As you create your Monarch hero, answer any or all of these questions.

:::::::::: questions ::::::::::::::::::::::
- Where is your home located? 
  - How does its location serve to isolate it from other cultures? 
  - Is your home open to outsiders, or sealed off?
- What kind of distinct cultural traditions from your home could be seen as
  strange to outsiders? 
  - And conversely, what Western customs are either
    baffling or unacceptable to you?
- Which languages are spoken in your home? 
  - Do the people of your home know any languages of outsiders? 
  - Is there a particular accent common to your people?
- Are your powers common to everyone from your home, or are you unique?
  - Do your powers descend from your lineage? 
  - Do you have additional abilities based on your rank as a leader?
- What's your current status in your home? 
  - Do you live there? 
  - Are you the reigning monarch, or an heir in line for the throne? 
  - If you're not the monarch regnant, who is, and how do you feel 
    about each other? 
  - Have you been exiled from your home, and if so -- for what reason?
:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

:::::::::::::::::::::::::: soapbox ::::::::::::::::::::::::
## Cultural Sensitivity

You can define any details you like about your Monarch's
home. That doesn't mean that you shouldn't be aware of
real-world stereotypes, bigotries, and privilege.

Your Monarch's home is *never* somewhere that exists --
or could exists -- in the real world. You can live on the
Moon, or in the Antarctic, or under the Pacific Ocean, or
in an adjacent dimension, or on a floating city -- but you
can't be the Monarch of China or Uganda or Pittsburgh.

Check in regularly with your fellow players and the Editor
to make sure that you're not straying into problematic
stereotypes, including accents, as you play your Monarch.
:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

## Skills

You have the **Explorer**, **Historian**, and **Politician** skills, plus two
additional skills of your choice.

Whenever you make a roll that uses your skill, roll an additional number of 
dice equal to the Volume.

## Power Words

You can use your Power Words in the following ways:

## Power Words

You can use your Power Words in the following ways:

- As a **Power Display**, costing no Might
- As a **Power Stunt**, costing 1 Might for each Word beyond the first
- As a **Power Combo**, costing 1 Might and letting others join in
- Joining a **Power Combo**, costing 1 Might.

When you use a Power Word, it goes on cooldown until the start of
the next Hero Phase.

### Core Power Words

Your Core Power Words are **Unexpected** and **Reserves**.
You can spend 1 Might point to add one of these to a Power Stunt or Combo,
or 2 Might to add both.

### Personal Power Words

Choose six Personal Power Words from the following list:

:::::::: cpw ::::::::::::
- Armor
- Animal (specific)
- Beasts
- Call
- Command
- Communicate
- Forest
- Hidden
- Remote
- Sense
- Skies
- Superior
- Survivor
- Seas
- Technology
- Vehicle (specific)
- Weapon (specific)
:::::::::::::::::::::::::

When you use a **Power Display,** you can add one Personal Power Word for free.

You can use two Power Personal Words together to form a **Power Stunt** or **Power Combo**
by paying 1 Might for each beyond the first.

### Nova Power

Choose any two single words you like; these are your **Nova Power Words**.
When you check off all your Ideals, your Nova Power Words are **Unlocked**
until the end of the current Storyline.

You can use one of your Nova Power Words in a Power Stunt or Combo for free; 
if you spend 1 Might, you can include the second Nova Power Word as well.

:::::::::::::::::::::::::: classpic ::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::
![Obsidius Rex, Prince of Vulcanor](art/jeshields/monarch.png "Obsidius Rex, prince of Vulcanor"){.class}
::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

## Monarch Abilities {  .class}

Each Volume, you gain a new ability from your class.
Your Monarch Abilities represent esoteric knowledge that
is inaccessible to those outside of your home.
Each ability can be chosen only once.

### Prime Ability

Your hero has the **For My Kingdom!** Prime ability common 
to all Monarchs.

:::::: {.ability-list .prime }::::::::::
For My Kingdom!

:   You feel a special attachment to your homeland, whether it be
    a physical location or a metaphorical concept such as "the Seas".

    If you declare a Crisis threatens your domain, whenever
    you form or add to the Teamwork Pool add 2 extra dice.
::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

### Volume 1 Abilities

At the start of Volume 1, choose two abilities from this list.

::::::: {.ability-list .v1 } ::::::::
Exotic Weaponry

:   The weapons from your home use a technology that defies
    conventional explanation. 
    At the start of each Storyline, pick a number of Power Words
    from the Dynamo or Mage Personal Power Words lists
    equal to the Volume.
    You can use each Power Word as a Core Power Word once
    during the current Storyline without paying any Might.

Noblesse Oblige

:   You feel an obligation to protect the ordinary people of the world. 
    Add 2 to the dice pool to advance the Rescue goal. 
    If the bystanders are your subjects, also add the Volume to the dice pool.

Remote Palace

:   You have a hidden base of operations somewhere in your distant 
    monarchy. 
    When you make a skill roll in that base, add 2 to the dice pool.

Righteous Rage

:   If you are below half Health, add 2 to the dice pool to 
    advance the Smash goal.

TBD

:   To be determined.

:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

### Volume 2 Abilities

At the start of Volume 2, choose an ability from this list or the Volume 1 list.

:::::::: {.ability-list .v2 } :::::::
Monarch's Benevolence

:   Your favor is freely bestowed as a boon to those in need.
    Add 2 to the dice pool when you advance the Allay goal.
    If the source of the Crisis is one of your subjects, 
    also add the Volume to the dice pool.

Unfamiliar Fighting Techniques

:   You have trained in a number of fighting techniques
    unknown to the outside world.

    Gain a number of fighting styles equal to the Volume.
    Add an additional fighting style at the start of each later Volume.

Palace of the Privileged

:   *Prerequisite: You can't have another __Hero Cave__ Ability.*
    This is a *Hero Cave* Ability.

:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

### Volume 3 Abilities

At the start of Volume 3, choose an ability from this list or any previous list.

:::::::: {.ability-list .v3 } :::::::
Inspiring Leadership

:   Others follow your directions based on your force of personality,
    tactical acumen, or keen insight.
    Whenever another hero adds to the Teamwork pool, your
    leadership gives them a number of bonus dice equal to the Volume.

Soul of the Land

:   Whenever you are in your home, you can draw upon your
    connection to the land. 

    Add *Land* and *Soul* as Personal Power Words; when you use one 
    of them in a Power Stunt or Power Combo while in your home, 
    it doesn't cost any Might. (Adding both costs 1 Might.)

:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

### Volume 4 Abilities

At the start of Volume 4, choose an ability from this list or any previous list.

:::::::: {.ability-list .v4 } :::::::
Unkillable

:   As long as your home is imperiled, you can't be killed. If you're
    reduced to 0 Health or 0 Might while defending your home, regain 1
    point of each at the start of the next Hero Phase.

Vengeance is Mine

:   No slight goes unpunished. If someone has harmed you or your home,
    add 1 to the Effectiveness whenever you advance the Smash goal against 
    them.

:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

### Volume 5 Abilities

At the start of Volume 5, choose an ability from this list or any previous list.

:::::::: {.ability-list .v5 } :::::::
Bestow Citizenship

:   You can make someone an honorary member of your home -- which also
    bestows a boon upon them, possibly even a supernatural one. 
    Choose two of your Power Words. Until the 
    end of the current Storyline, they gain those Words as Personal 
    Power Words. You can only do this once per Storyline, although you
    can reaffirm someone's status in a later Storyline, if you wish.

Force of the Land

:   You can call upon the energy of your home -- mystical, inspirational,
    or physical -- to end a threat. As a move, you can spend 1 Might to
    fully Advance one goal of a Crisis that threatens your home. You can
    do this only once for each Crisis.

:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

Commit message:

Abilities
Primarily Hero Cave abilities.

src/classes/monarch.md, after:

:::::::::::::::::: { .classdata #class-monarch } :::::::::::
# The Monarch  {#toc-monarch .breakbefore .class}

> I shall forgive you but once for your disrespect.

You are a leader in a city, nation, or people who exist outside of
mainstream international society. 

Your ways may seem unorthodox and even arrogant to those unfamiliar
with your culture, but their ignorance can be excused ... mostly.

Although you fight for justice and freedom for all, you feel a special
obligation to protect your home -- even if you don't currently live
there.

## Playing a Monarch

Your Monarch hero is most strongly defined by their home than by their
Powers, Approaches, or Skills. You're most effective against threats
against that home. 

It's up to you to decide if any given Crisis endangers your domain, 
so you may want to ask the Editor or other players during the Countdown
to Crisis about ideas to tie your home to the current situation.

## Questions

As you create your Monarch hero, answer any or all of these questions.

:::::::::: questions ::::::::::::::::::::::
- Where is your home located? 
  - How does its location serve to isolate it from other cultures? 
  - Is your home open to outsiders, or sealed off?
- What kind of distinct cultural traditions from your home could be seen as
  strange to outsiders? 
  - And conversely, what Western customs are either
    baffling or unacceptable to you?
- Which languages are spoken in your home? 
  - Do the people of your home know any languages of outsiders? 
  - Is there a particular accent common to your people?
- Are your powers common to everyone from your home, or are you unique?
  - Do your powers descend from your lineage? 
  - Do you have additional abilities based on your rank as a leader?
- What's your current status in your home? 
  - Do you live there? 
  - Are you the reigning monarch, or an heir in line for the throne? 
  - If you're not the monarch regnant, who is, and how do you feel 
    about each other? 
  - Have you been exiled from your home, and if so -- for what reason?
:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

:::::::::::::::::::::::::: soapbox ::::::::::::::::::::::::
## Cultural Sensitivity

You can define any details you like about your Monarch's
home. That doesn't mean that you shouldn't be aware of
real-world stereotypes, bigotries, and privilege.

Your Monarch's home is *never* somewhere that exists --
or could exists -- in the real world. You can live on the
Moon, or in the Antarctic, or under the Pacific Ocean, or
in an adjacent dimension, or on a floating city -- but you
can't be the Monarch of China or Uganda or Pittsburgh.

Check in regularly with your fellow players and the Editor
to make sure that you're not straying into problematic
stereotypes, including accents, as you play your Monarch.
:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

## Skills

You have the **Explorer**, **Historian**, and **Politician** skills, plus two
additional skills of your choice.

Whenever you make a roll that uses your skill, roll an additional number of 
dice equal to the Volume.

## Power Words

You can use your Power Words in the following ways:

## Power Words

You can use your Power Words in the following ways:

- As a **Power Display**, costing no Might
- As a **Power Stunt**, costing 1 Might for each Word beyond the first
- As a **Power Combo**, costing 1 Might and letting others join in
- Joining a **Power Combo**, costing 1 Might.

When you use a Power Word, it goes on cooldown until the start of
the next Hero Phase.

### Core Power Words

Your Core Power Words are **Unexpected** and **Reserves**.
You can spend 1 Might point to add one of these to a Power Stunt or Combo,
or 2 Might to add both.

### Personal Power Words

Choose six Personal Power Words from the following list:

:::::::: cpw ::::::::::::
- Armor
- Animal (specific)
- Beasts
- Call
- Command
- Communicate
- Forest
- Hidden
- Remote
- Sense
- Skies
- Superior
- Survivor
- Seas
- Technology
- Vehicle (specific)
- Weapon (specific)
:::::::::::::::::::::::::

When you use a **Power Display,** you can add one Personal Power Word for free.

You can use two Power Personal Words together to form a **Power Stunt** or **Power Combo**
by paying 1 Might for each beyond the first.

### Nova Power

Choose any two single words you like; these are your **Nova Power Words**.
When you check off all your Ideals, your Nova Power Words are **Unlocked**
until the end of the current Storyline.

You can use one of your Nova Power Words in a Power Stunt or Combo for free; 
if you spend 1 Might, you can include the second Nova Power Word as well.

:::::::::::::::::::::::::: classpic ::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::
![Obsidius Rex, Prince of Vulcanor](art/jeshields/monarch.png "Obsidius Rex, prince of Vulcanor"){.class}
::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

## Monarch Abilities {  .class}

Each Volume, you gain a new ability from your class.
Your Monarch Abilities represent esoteric knowledge that
is inaccessible to those outside of your home.
Each ability can be chosen only once.

### Prime Ability

Your hero has the **For My Kingdom!** Prime ability common 
to all Monarchs.

:::::: {.ability-list .prime }::::::::::
For My Kingdom!

:   You feel a special attachment to your homeland, whether it be
    a physical location or a metaphorical concept such as "the Seas".

    If you declare a Crisis threatens your domain, whenever
    you form or add to the Teamwork Pool add 2 extra dice.
::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

### Volume 1 Abilities

At the start of Volume 1, choose two abilities from this list.

::::::: {.ability-list .v1 } ::::::::
Exotic Weaponry

:   The weapons from your home use a technology that defies
    conventional explanation. 
    At the start of each Storyline, pick a number of Power Words
    from the Dynamo or Mage Personal Power Words lists
    equal to the Volume.
    You can use each Power Word as a Core Power Word once
    during the current Storyline without paying any Might.

Noblesse Oblige

:   You feel an obligation to protect the ordinary people of the world. 
    Add 2 to the dice pool to advance the Rescue goal. 
    If the bystanders are your subjects, also add the Volume to the dice pool.

Remote Palace

:   *Prerequisite: You can't have another __Hero Cave__ Ability.*
    You have a hidden base of operations somewhere in your distant 
    monarchy. 
    Add 2 dice whenever you make a skill roll while in your Palace.
    Choose two Scene Power Words for your Palace from the
    [](#list-hero-cave-power-words){.list-link}. In addition,
    choose one of the following as a third Scene Word:
    ::::::: cpw :::::::::::::
    # Remote Palace Scene Power Words {#list-remote-palace-scene-power-words}

    - Expansive
    - Fortress
    - Opulent
    :::::::::::::::::::::::::
    This is a *Hero Cave* Ability.

Righteous Rage

:   If you are below half Health, add 2 to the dice pool to 
    advance the Smash goal.

TBD

:   To be determined.

:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

### Volume 2 Abilities

At the start of Volume 2, choose an ability from this list or the Volume 1 list.

:::::::: {.ability-list .v2 } :::::::
Monarch's Benevolence

:   Your favor is freely bestowed as a boon to those in need.
    Add 2 to the dice pool when you advance the Allay goal.
    If the source of the Crisis is one of your subjects, 
    also add the Volume to the dice pool.

Unfamiliar Fighting Techniques

:   You have trained in a number of fighting techniques
    unknown to the outside world.

    Gain a number of fighting styles equal to the Volume.
    Add an additional fighting style at the start of each later Volume.

Palace of the Privileged

:   *Prerequisite: You can't have another __Hero Cave__ Ability.*
    This is a *Hero Cave* Ability.

:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

### Volume 3 Abilities

At the start of Volume 3, choose an ability from this list or any previous list.

:::::::: {.ability-list .v3 } :::::::
Inspiring Leadership

:   Others follow your directions based on your force of personality,
    tactical acumen, or keen insight.
    Whenever another hero adds to the Teamwork pool, your
    leadership gives them a number of bonus dice equal to the Volume.

Soul of the Land

:   Whenever you are in your home, you can draw upon your
    connection to the land. 

    Add *Land* and *Soul* as Personal Power Words; when you use one 
    of them in a Power Stunt or Power Combo while in your home, 
    it doesn't cost any Might. (Adding both costs 1 Might.)

:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

### Volume 4 Abilities

At the start of Volume 4, choose an ability from this list or any previous list.

:::::::: {.ability-list .v4 } :::::::
Unkillable

:   As long as your home is imperiled, you can't be killed. If you're
    reduced to 0 Health or 0 Might while defending your home, regain 1
    point of each at the start of the next Hero Phase.

Vengeance is Mine

:   No slight goes unpunished. If someone has harmed you or your home,
    add 1 to the Effectiveness whenever you advance the Smash goal against 
    them.

:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

### Volume 5 Abilities

At the start of Volume 5, choose an ability from this list or any previous list.

:::::::: {.ability-list .v5 } :::::::
Bestow Citizenship

:   You can make someone an honorary member of your home -- which also
    bestows a boon upon them, possibly even a supernatural one. 
    Choose two of your Power Words. Until the 
    end of the current Storyline, they gain those Words as Personal 
    Power Words. You can only do this once per Storyline, although you
    can reaffirm someone's status in a later Storyline, if you wish.

Force of the Land

:   You can call upon the energy of your home -- mystical, inspirational,
    or physical -- to end a threat. As a move, you can spend 1 Might to
    fully Advance one goal of a Crisis that threatens your home. You can
    do this only once for each Crisis.

:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::
