src/classes/paragon.md, before:

# The Paragon  {#toc-paragon .breakbefore .class}

[]{.lorem}

These examples will be removed:

- Examples: Supergirl, Superman, Captain Marvel, Martian Manhunter

## Skills

You have two skills of your choice.

Whenever you make a roll that uses your skill, roll an additional number of 
dice equal to the current Volume.

## Class Ability: TBD

[]{.lorem}

## Power Words

[]{.lorem}

### Core Power Words

Your Core Power Words are **Super** and **Powers**. 
You can spend 1 Might point to add one of these to a Power Stunt or Combo,
or 2 Might to add both.

### Personal Power Words

Choose *seven* (not six) Personal Power Words from the following list:

::::::::::: cpw ::::::::::::::::
- Alien
- Blast
- Breath
- Cape 
- Cold
- Energy
- Flight
- Heat
- Indestructible
- Punch
- Speed
- Strength
- Thoughts
- Vision
- X-Ray
::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

In addition, choose one Power Word from any other class's Personal Power Words list.

When you use a **Power Display,** you can add one Personal Power Word for free.

You can use two Power Personal Words together to form a **Power Stunt** or **Power Combo**
by paying 1 Might for each beyond the first.

### Nova Power

Choose any two single words you like; these are your **Nova Power Words**.
When you complete your Motivations track, your Nova Power Words are **Unlocked**
until the end of the current Story Arc.

You can use one of your Nova Power Words in a Power Stunt or Combo for free; if you spend
1 Might, you can include the second Nova Power Word as well.

## Paragon Abilities {.colbefore .class}

[]{.lorem}

### Volume 1 Abilities

At the start of Volume 1, choose an ability from this list.

::::::::::: ability-list ::::::::::::
- one
- two
- three
- four
:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

### Volume 2 Abilities

At the start of Volume 2, choose an ability from this list or the Volume 1 list.

::::::::::: ability-list ::::::::::::
- one
- two
- three
:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

### Volume 3 Abilities

At the start of Volume 3, choose an ability from this list, the Volume 1 list, or the Volume 2 list.

::::::::::: ability-list ::::::::::::
- one
- two
- three
:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

### Volume 4 Abilities

At the start of Volume 4, choose an ability from this list, the Volume 1 list, the Volume 2 list, or the Volume 3 list.

::::::::::: ability-list ::::::::::::
- one
- two
:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

### Volume 5 Abilities

At the start of Volume 5, choose an ability from any Volume's list.

::::::::::: ability-list ::::::::::::
- one
- two
:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

Commit message:

Skills, Crisis, Dice in Pools

src/classes/paragon.md, after:

# The Paragon  {#toc-paragon .breakbefore .class}

[]{.lorem}

These examples will be removed:

- Examples: Supergirl, Superman, Captain Marvel, Martian Manhunter

## Skills

You have two skills of your choice.

Whenever you make a roll that uses your skill, roll an additional number of 
dice equal to the current Volume.

## Class Ability: My One Weakness!

When you create your hero, pick a weakness they possess --
usually some kind of substance, energy type, or other physical
phenomenon.

During a Crisis, you can declare at any point that your one 
weakness is present.  

If you do, you temporarily lose access to *all* of your Power Words, 
your Might becomes 0,
and you skip your turn during the Hero Turn. This lasts until someone
else removes the source of your weakness from the scene, or until 
the end of the present Crisis.

Every Hero Turn that you're inactive, the other heroes get extra
dice on their rolls equal to the Volume number.

When the source of your weakness is disposed of, you regain access
to all your Power Words and your Might is refreshed to its normal
maximum value.

## Power Words

[]{.lorem}

### Core Power Words

Your Core Power Words are **Super** and **Powers**. 
You can spend 1 Might point to add one of these to a Power Stunt or Combo,
or 2 Might to add both.

### Personal Power Words

Choose *seven* (not six) Personal Power Words from the following list:

::::::::::: cpw ::::::::::::::::
- Alien
- Blast
- Breath
- Cape 
- Cold
- Energy
- Flight
- Heat
- Indestructible
- Punch
- Speed
- Strength
- Thoughts
- Vision
- X-Ray
::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

In addition, choose one Power Word from any other class's Personal Power Words list.

When you use a **Power Display,** you can add one Personal Power Word for free.

You can use two Power Personal Words together to form a **Power Stunt** or **Power Combo**
by paying 1 Might for each beyond the first.

### Nova Power

Choose any two single words you like; these are your **Nova Power Words**.
When you complete your Motivations track, your Nova Power Words are **Unlocked**
until the end of the current Story Arc.

You can use one of your Nova Power Words in a Power Stunt or Combo for free; if you spend
1 Might, you can include the second Nova Power Word as well.

## Paragon Abilities {.colbefore .class}

[]{.lorem}

### Volume 1 Abilities

At the start of Volume 1, choose an ability from this list.

::::::::::: ability-list ::::::::::::
- one
- two
- three
- four
:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

### Volume 2 Abilities

At the start of Volume 2, choose an ability from this list or the Volume 1 list.

::::::::::: ability-list ::::::::::::
- one
- two
- three
:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

### Volume 3 Abilities

At the start of Volume 3, choose an ability from this list, the Volume 1 list, or the Volume 2 list.

::::::::::: ability-list ::::::::::::
- one
- two
- three
:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

### Volume 4 Abilities

At the start of Volume 4, choose an ability from this list, the Volume 1 list, the Volume 2 list, or the Volume 3 list.

::::::::::: ability-list ::::::::::::
- one
- two
:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

### Volume 5 Abilities

At the start of Volume 5, choose an ability from any Volume's list.

::::::::::: ability-list ::::::::::::
- one
- two
:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::
