src/classes/psychic.md, before:

:::::::::::::::: {.classdata #class-psychic} :::::::::::::::
# The Psychic {#toc-psychic .breakbefore .class}

> I know secrets about you that you don't even know yourself.

Psychics are masters of mind powers, able to communicate
with others and link minds together.

Their powers are often purely mental without a physical
manifestation; a duel between two Psychics could take place
in the middle of a crowded restaurant with no one any the
wiser.

If normal people knew that a Psychic was among them -- and could 
potentially access their innermost thoughts and desires! --
they would react with fear and hostility. Some Psychics will
pose as some other type of hero to avoid such prejudices ... even
as they admit such biases might not be entirely unwarranted.

## Playing a Psychic

Your Psychic hero is likely the lynchpin of the team, although
not necessarily the leader. This is a passive ability, though --
unless you choose otherwise, everyone's connected when you're
present -- so look for ways to use your own Power Words, Skills,
and Abilities in creative and original ways.

:::::::::::::::: soapbox :::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::
## No Ethical Mind Control Under Capitalism

Many comic books and roleplaying games will gloss over
it, but I'll state it directly: nearly any use of mind
control powers represents gross violations of another
person's autonomy and consent.

This doesn't mean you can't *ever* do that in an Issue
of []{.gamename}, but it means that you have to be careful
and safe by checking in with the other players and the
Editor -- because your Psychic hero is probably doing
something that's quite horrific if you're using mind
control.

During Issue 0 or the start of an Issue, you should ask
the other players and the Editor about whether they view
reading someone's mind without consent as the same kind
of violation. Are surface thoughts fine, but deep memories
not? 

You *need* to have these kinds of talks, as a group,
*before* it comes up during game play.
::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

## Questions

As you create your Psychic hero, answer any or all of these questions.

:::::::::::: questions :::::::::::::::::::::
- How do you come by these amazing mental powers? 
  - What kind of training or education did you undertake to master them?
- Are there obvious signs to your powers, such as an enlarged forehead,
  glowing eyes, or a visible crackle of power -- or are they completely
  invisible and undetectable?
- What limits have you imposed on your own power due to ethical and
  moral concerns? 
  - What type of actions won't you take, and what would
    push you to actually commit those acts? 
  - What makes you a *hero* and not
    a mind-powered villain, looting others' skulls with impunity?
- What kind of mental self-image do you have?
  - Does your telepathic voice "sound" like your *physical* voice? 
  - Do others recognize you when you make mental contact with you? 
- Do you have any *physical* limitations, such as a disability? 
  - How do your powers compensate for those limits, and in what ways can
    they never fully substitute for them?
::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

## Skills

You have the **Academic** skill, plus two additional skills of your choice.

Whenever you make a roll that uses your skill, roll an additional number of 
dice equal to the Volume.

## Power Words

You can use your Power Words in the following ways:

- As a **Power Display**, costing no Might
- As a **Power Stunt**, costing 1 Might for each Word beyond the first
- As a **Power Combo**, costing 1 Might and letting others join in
- Joining a **Power Combo**, costing 1 Might.

When you use a Power Word, it goes on cooldown until the start of
the next Hero Phase.

### Core Power Words

Your Core Power Words are **Focused** and **Totality**.
You can spend 1 Might point to add one of these to a Power Stunt or Combo,
or 2 Might to add both.

### Personal Power Words

Choose six Personal Power Words from the following list:

::::::::::::: cpw :::::::
- Alter
- Broadcast
- Confusion
- Emotion
- Erase
- Future
- Implant
- Illusion
- Language
- Link
- Memory
- Past
- Probe
- Restore
- Sense
- Shield
- Thought
- Transfer
- View
:::::::::::::::::::::::::

When you use a **Power Display,** you can add one Personal Power Word for free.

You can use two Power Personal Words together to form a **Power Stunt** or **Power Combo**
by paying 1 Might for each beyond the first.

### Nova Power

Choose any two single words you like; these are your **Nova Power Words**.
When you check off all your Ideals, your Nova Power Words are **Unlocked**
until the end of the current Storyline.

You can use one of your Nova Power Words in a Power Stunt or Combo for free; if you spend
1 Might, you can include the second Nova Power Word as well.

:::::::::::::::::::::::::: classpic ::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::
![The Head Librarian](art/jeshields/psychic.png "The Head Librarian"){.class}
::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

## Psychic Abilities {  .class}

Each Volume, you gain a new ability from your class.  
Your Psychic abilities are new ways of using your mind power to
affect yourself and the world around you.
Each ability can be chosen only once.

### Prime Ability

:::::: {.ability-list .prime }::::::::::

::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

### Volume 1 Abilities

At the start of Volume 1, choose two abilities from this list.

:::::: {.ability-list .v1 } :::::::::

Empath

:   You can sense the emotions of others; your powers work primarily
    on feelings rather than thoughts. Add 2 dice when you roll to
    advance the Allay goal, as long as you have at least 1 Might.

Mind Over Matter

:   You can overcome the physical limitations of your body, and shrug
    off wounds that would seriously harm a normal person. Instead of
    losing Health, you can lose an equal amount of Might.

TBD

:   To be determined.

:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

### Volume 2 Abilities

At the start of Volume 2, choose an ability from this list or the Volume 1 list.

:::::::: {.ability-list .v2 } :::::::
Astral Projection

:   You can separate your consciousness from your physical form,
    creating a duplicate of your body that exists on the astral
    plane. When you do so, your physical body becomes unconscious.
    Refresh your Might to its maximum value when you use astral
    projection.
    You can awaken at any time, and if you do, your mind is drawn
    back to your body instantly. You automatically awaken if your
    physical body is harmed or you are roughly shaken.
    While astrally projecting, you are immune to all harm and can
    pass through any barriers. You can use any of your Psychic
    Class Abilities, Personal Power Words, Core Power Words, and
    your Nova Power Words.
    In astral form, you have "Flight" as a Core Power Word. You can
    choose whether your astral form is visible to those in the same
    location, or if it is invisible to all creatures lacking 
    pan-dimensional vision.

TBD

:   To be determined.

TBD

:   To be determined.

TBD

:   To be determined.

:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

### Volume 3 Abilities

At the start of Volume 3, choose an ability from this list or any previous list.

::::::::: {.ability-list .v3 } ::::::
Power Overwhelming

:   Your capacity for psionics is extraordinary, even for a hero.
    Increase your maximum Might by 5.

Skill Sharing

:   *Prerequisite: The __Our Minds As One__ psychic class core ability.*
    Your mind link allows skills to be shared. 
    Someone in your link is considered to have a skill if anyone in 
    your link has that skill.

:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

### Volume 4 Abilities

At the start of Volume 4, choose an ability from this list or any previous list.

:::::: {.ability-list .v4 }::::::::::
Battlemind

:   *Prerequisite: The __Our Minds As One__ Class Core Ability.*
    *Prerequisite: The __Skill Sharing__ Class Ability.*
    Your mind link allows Fighting Styles to be shared.
    Someone in your link is considered to have a Fighting Style
    if anyone in your link has that Fighting Style.

:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

### Volume 5 Abilities

At the start of Volume 5, choose an ability from this list or any previous list.

:::::: {.ability-list .v5 }::::::::::
Astral Retreat

:   *Prequisite: You can't have another _Hero Cave_ Ability.*
    This is a *Hero Cave* Ability.

TBD

:   To be determined.

:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

Commit message:

Abilities
Primarily Hero Cave abilities.

src/classes/psychic.md, after:

:::::::::::::::: {.classdata #class-psychic} :::::::::::::::
# The Psychic {#toc-psychic .breakbefore .class}

> I know secrets about you that you don't even know yourself.

Psychics are masters of mind powers, able to communicate
with others and link minds together.

Their powers are often purely mental without a physical
manifestation; a duel between two Psychics could take place
in the middle of a crowded restaurant with no one any the
wiser.

If normal people knew that a Psychic was among them -- and could 
potentially access their innermost thoughts and desires! --
they would react with fear and hostility. Some Psychics will
pose as some other type of hero to avoid such prejudices ... even
as they admit such biases might not be entirely unwarranted.

## Playing a Psychic

Your Psychic hero is likely the lynchpin of the team, although
not necessarily the leader. This is a passive ability, though --
unless you choose otherwise, everyone's connected when you're
present -- so look for ways to use your own Power Words, Skills,
and Abilities in creative and original ways.

:::::::::::::::: soapbox :::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::
## No Ethical Mind Control Under Capitalism

Many comic books and roleplaying games will gloss over
it, but I'll state it directly: nearly any use of mind
control powers represents gross violations of another
person's autonomy and consent.

This doesn't mean you can't *ever* do that in an Issue
of []{.gamename}, but it means that you have to be careful
and safe by checking in with the other players and the
Editor -- because your Psychic hero is probably doing
something that's quite horrific if you're using mind
control.

During Issue 0 or the start of an Issue, you should ask
the other players and the Editor about whether they view
reading someone's mind without consent as the same kind
of violation. Are surface thoughts fine, but deep memories
not? 

You *need* to have these kinds of talks, as a group,
*before* it comes up during game play.
::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

## Questions

As you create your Psychic hero, answer any or all of these questions.

:::::::::::: questions :::::::::::::::::::::
- How do you come by these amazing mental powers? 
  - What kind of training or education did you undertake to master them?
- Are there obvious signs to your powers, such as an enlarged forehead,
  glowing eyes, or a visible crackle of power -- or are they completely
  invisible and undetectable?
- What limits have you imposed on your own power due to ethical and
  moral concerns? 
  - What type of actions won't you take, and what would
    push you to actually commit those acts? 
  - What makes you a *hero* and not
    a mind-powered villain, looting others' skulls with impunity?
- What kind of mental self-image do you have?
  - Does your telepathic voice "sound" like your *physical* voice? 
  - Do others recognize you when you make mental contact with you? 
- Do you have any *physical* limitations, such as a disability? 
  - How do your powers compensate for those limits, and in what ways can
    they never fully substitute for them?
::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

## Skills

You have the **Academic** skill, plus two additional skills of your choice.

Whenever you make a roll that uses your skill, roll an additional number of 
dice equal to the Volume.

## Power Words

You can use your Power Words in the following ways:

- As a **Power Display**, costing no Might
- As a **Power Stunt**, costing 1 Might for each Word beyond the first
- As a **Power Combo**, costing 1 Might and letting others join in
- Joining a **Power Combo**, costing 1 Might.

When you use a Power Word, it goes on cooldown until the start of
the next Hero Phase.

### Core Power Words

Your Core Power Words are **Focused** and **Totality**.
You can spend 1 Might point to add one of these to a Power Stunt or Combo,
or 2 Might to add both.

### Personal Power Words

Choose six Personal Power Words from the following list:

::::::::::::: cpw :::::::
- Alter
- Broadcast
- Confusion
- Emotion
- Erase
- Future
- Implant
- Illusion
- Language
- Link
- Memory
- Past
- Probe
- Restore
- Sense
- Shield
- Thought
- Transfer
- View
:::::::::::::::::::::::::

When you use a **Power Display,** you can add one Personal Power Word for free.

You can use two Power Personal Words together to form a **Power Stunt** or **Power Combo**
by paying 1 Might for each beyond the first.

### Nova Power

Choose any two single words you like; these are your **Nova Power Words**.
When you check off all your Ideals, your Nova Power Words are **Unlocked**
until the end of the current Storyline.

You can use one of your Nova Power Words in a Power Stunt or Combo for free; if you spend
1 Might, you can include the second Nova Power Word as well.

:::::::::::::::::::::::::: classpic ::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::
![The Head Librarian](art/jeshields/psychic.png "The Head Librarian"){.class}
::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

## Psychic Abilities {  .class}

Each Volume, you gain a new ability from your class.  
Your Psychic abilities are new ways of using your mind power to
affect yourself and the world around you.
Each ability can be chosen only once.

### Prime Ability

:::::: {.ability-list .prime }::::::::::

::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

### Volume 1 Abilities

At the start of Volume 1, choose two abilities from this list.

:::::: {.ability-list .v1 } :::::::::

Empath

:   You can sense the emotions of others; your powers work primarily
    on feelings rather than thoughts. Add 2 dice when you roll to
    advance the Allay goal, as long as you have at least 1 Might.

Mind Over Matter

:   You can overcome the physical limitations of your body, and shrug
    off wounds that would seriously harm a normal person. Instead of
    losing Health, you can lose an equal amount of Might.

TBD

:   To be determined.

:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

### Volume 2 Abilities

At the start of Volume 2, choose an ability from this list or the Volume 1 list.

:::::::: {.ability-list .v2 } :::::::
Astral Projection

:   You can separate your consciousness from your physical form,
    creating a duplicate of your body that exists on the astral
    plane. When you do so, your physical body becomes unconscious.
    Refresh your Might to its maximum value when you use astral
    projection.
    You can awaken at any time, and if you do, your mind is drawn
    back to your body instantly. You automatically awaken if your
    physical body is harmed or you are roughly shaken.
    While astrally projecting, you are immune to all harm and can
    pass through any barriers. You can use any of your Psychic
    Class Abilities, Personal Power Words, Core Power Words, and
    your Nova Power Words.
    In astral form, you have "Flight" as a Core Power Word. You can
    choose whether your astral form is visible to those in the same
    location, or if it is invisible to all creatures lacking 
    pan-dimensional vision or similar extrasensory abilities.

TBD

:   To be determined.

TBD

:   To be determined.

TBD

:   To be determined.

:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

### Volume 3 Abilities

At the start of Volume 3, choose an ability from this list or any previous list.

::::::::: {.ability-list .v3 } ::::::
Power Overwhelming

:   Your capacity for psionics is extraordinary, even for a hero.
    Increase your maximum Might by 5.

Skill Sharing

:   *Prerequisite: The __Our Minds As One__ psychic class core ability.*
    Your mind link allows skills to be shared. 
    Someone in your link is considered to have a skill if anyone in 
    your link has that skill.

:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

### Volume 4 Abilities

At the start of Volume 4, choose an ability from this list or any previous list.

:::::: {.ability-list .v4 }::::::::::
Battlemind

:   *Prerequisite: The __Our Minds As One__ Class Core Ability.*
    *Prerequisite: The __Skill Sharing__ Class Ability.*
    Your mind link allows Fighting Styles to be shared.
    Someone in your link is considered to have a Fighting Style
    if anyone in your link has that Fighting Style.

:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

### Volume 5 Abilities

At the start of Volume 5, choose an ability from this list or any previous list.

:::::: {.ability-list .v5 }::::::::::
Astral Retreat

:   *Prequisite: You can't have another _Hero Cave_ Ability.*
    You have a stronghold located on the astral plane.
    Outside of a Crisis, you can spend 1 Might per person to transport
    yourself and any nearby, willing Heroes to your Retreat, or return
    to Earth at the location you left from.
    Add 2 dice whenever you make a skill roll while in your Astral Retreat.
    Choose two Scene Power Words for your Astral Retreat from the
    [](#list-hero-cave-power-words){.list-link}. In addition, choose one of the following as a third Scene Word:
    ::::::: cpw :::::::::::::
    # Astral Retreat Scene Power Words {#list-astral-retreat-scene-power-words}

    - Astral
    - Cloaked
    - Immaterial
    - Memory
    - Mental
    - Psionic
    - Solidified
    - Viewing
    :::::::::::::::::::::::::
    This is a *Hero Cave* Ability.

TBD

:   To be determined.

:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::
