src/classes/shaper.md, before:

# The Shaper {#toc-shaper .breakbefore .class}

[]{.lorem}

These examples will be removed:

- Examples: Invisible Woman, Magneto, Storm, Cosmic Boy

## Skills

You have the **Artist** and **Scientist** skills, plus two
additional skills of your choice.

Whenever you make a roll that uses your skill, roll an additional number of 
dice equal to the current Volume.

## Class Ability: TBD

[]{.lorem}

## Power Words

[]{.lorem}

### Core Power Words

Your Core Power Words are **Shape** and **Environment**.

In addition, you get a third Core Power Word chosen from
the following list:

::::::::::::: cpw :::::::
- Cloth
- Earth
- Force
- Gravity
- Ice
- Plants
- Rock
- Shadows
- Technology
- Water
- Weather
:::::::::::::::::::::::::

You can spend 1 Might point to add one of these to a Power Stunt or Combo,
2 Might to add another, or 3 Might to add all three.

### Personal Power Words

Choose six Personal Power Words from the following list:

::::::::::::: cpw :::::::
- Absorb
- Become
- Blast
- Sphere
- Create
- Destroy
- Ring
- Flight
- Flight
- Quell
- Reshape
- Sense
- Shield
- Transmute
- Trap
:::::::::::::::::::::::::

When you use a **Power Display,** you can add one Personal Power Word for free.

You can use two Power Personal Words together to form a **Power Stunt** or **Power Combo**
by paying 1 Might for each beyond the first.

### Nova Power

Choose any two single words you like; these are your **Nova Power Words**.
When you complete your Motivations track, your Nova Power Words are **Unlocked**
until the end of the current Story Arc.

You can use one of your Nova Power Words in a Power Stunt or Combo for free; if you spend
1 Might, you can include the second Nova Power Word as well.

## Shaper Abilities {.colbefore .class}

[]{.lorem}

### Volume 1 Abilities

At the start of Volume 1, choose an ability from this list.

::::::::::: ability-list ::::::::::::
- one
- two
- three
- four
:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

### Volume 2 Abilities

At the start of Volume 2, choose an ability from this list or the Volume 1 list.

::::::::::: ability-list ::::::::::::
- one
- two
- three
:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

### Volume 3 Abilities

At the start of Volume 3, choose an ability from this list, the Volume 1 list, or the Volume 2 list.

::::::::::: ability-list ::::::::::::
- one
- two
- three
:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

### Volume 4 Abilities

At the start of Volume 4, choose an ability from this list, the Volume 1 list, the Volume 2 list, or the Volume 3 list.

::::::::::: ability-list ::::::::::::
- one
- two
:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

### Volume 5 Abilities

At the start of Volume 5, choose an ability from any Volume's list.

::::::::::: ability-list ::::::::::::
- one
- two
:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

Commit message:

Skills, Crisis, Dice in Pools

src/classes/shaper.md, after:

# The Shaper {#toc-shaper .breakbefore .class}

[]{.lorem}

These examples will be removed:

- Examples: Invisible Woman, Magneto, Storm, Cosmic Boy

## Skills

You have the **Artist** and **Scientist** skills, plus two
additional skills of your choice.

Whenever you make a roll that uses your skill, roll an additional number of 
dice equal to the current Volume.

## Class Ability: Reshape the Battlefield

As your action during the Hero Phase of a Crisis, you can
change your environment. 

Choose your Power Words, spend Might as normal, and make a 
roll. 

If the Effectiveness of your roll is at least 1, you can change 
one of the Scene Power Words to one of your own Power Words until 
the end of the Crisis.  

The maximum number of Scene Power Words you can change during a
Crisis is equal to the current Volume number.

## Power Words

[]{.lorem}

### Core Power Words

Your Core Power Words are **Shape** and **Environment**.

In addition, you get a third Core Power Word chosen from
the following list:

::::::::::::: cpw :::::::
- Cloth
- Earth
- Force
- Gravity
- Ice
- Plants
- Rock
- Shadows
- Technology
- Water
- Weather
:::::::::::::::::::::::::

You can spend 1 Might point to add one of these to a Power Stunt or Combo,
2 Might to add another, or 3 Might to add all three.

### Personal Power Words

Choose six Personal Power Words from the following list:

::::::::::::: cpw :::::::
- Absorb
- Become
- Blast
- Sphere
- Create
- Destroy
- Ring
- Flight
- Flight
- Quell
- Reshape
- Sense
- Shield
- Transmute
- Trap
:::::::::::::::::::::::::

When you use a **Power Display,** you can add one Personal Power Word for free.

You can use two Power Personal Words together to form a **Power Stunt** or **Power Combo**
by paying 1 Might for each beyond the first.

### Nova Power

Choose any two single words you like; these are your **Nova Power Words**.
When you complete your Motivations track, your Nova Power Words are **Unlocked**
until the end of the current Story Arc.

You can use one of your Nova Power Words in a Power Stunt or Combo for free; if you spend
1 Might, you can include the second Nova Power Word as well.

## Shaper Abilities {.colbefore .class}

[]{.lorem}

### Volume 1 Abilities

At the start of Volume 1, choose an ability from this list.

::::::::::: ability-list ::::::::::::
- one
- two
- three
- four
:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

### Volume 2 Abilities

At the start of Volume 2, choose an ability from this list or the Volume 1 list.

::::::::::: ability-list ::::::::::::
- one
- two
- three
:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

### Volume 3 Abilities

At the start of Volume 3, choose an ability from this list, the Volume 1 list, or the Volume 2 list.

::::::::::: ability-list ::::::::::::
- one
- two
- three
:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

### Volume 4 Abilities

At the start of Volume 4, choose an ability from this list, the Volume 1 list, the Volume 2 list, or the Volume 3 list.

::::::::::: ability-list ::::::::::::
- one
- two
:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

### Volume 5 Abilities

At the start of Volume 5, choose an ability from any Volume's list.

::::::::::: ability-list ::::::::::::
- one
- two
:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::
