src/classes/totem.md, before:

::::::::::::::::::: { .classdata #class-monstrosity } :::::::::::
# The Kid {#toc-kid .breakbefore .class}

> 

## Playing a Kid

You have Skills, Abilities, and possibly other Power Words that 
you can use to switch up your moves from Hero Phase to Hero Phase.

## Questions

As you create your Kid hero, answer any or all of these questions.

:::::::::: questions :::::::::::::::::::
- How do you look different from normal humans? 
  - How much larger (or smaller) are you than other people? 
  - What color is your skin, and what does it feel and look like? 
  - What kind of strange appearance do you have that makes the ignorant 
    assume you're just an animalistic brute?
  - What does your voice sound like, and what kind of vocabulary do 
    you employ?
- Are you *always* a kid?  
  (If not, then you may want to consider playing your hero as 
   <a href="#toc-multi-class">Multi-Class Hero</a> -- this is appropriate
   for heroes who magically transform from child form to an adult shape!)
  - If not, what triggers that change? 
    Is it an emotional state, a substance, a situation, a magic word,
    or your own free will? 
  - How do you get along with adult heroes? Do you look up to them as
    role models? Do they usually talk down to you?
  - In what ways are you less mature than the average hero?
  - In what ways are you more mature than the average hero?
  - Were you *always* a hero? How did you become one? Why did you
    become one?
  - Do you have any other friends your age, or do you just associate with
    adult heroes?
- What kind of interests do you have that surprise other people? 
  - Are you an artist at heart, a scientist, a poet, a doctor, a pilot? 
  - What would push you over that edge, and how have you avoided going 
    over it so far?
::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

## Skills

You have the **Explorer** skill, plus two additional skills of your choice.

Whenever you make a roll that uses one of your skills, add 1 extra die. If
you have more than one skill that could apply to a roll, add 1 extra die for each
applicable skill.

## Power Words

You can use your Power Words in the following ways:

- As a **Power Display**, costing no Might
- As a **Stunt**, costing 1 Might for each Word beyond the first
- As a **Power Combo**, costing 1 Might and letting others join in
- Joining a **Power Combo**, costing 1 Might.

When you use a Power Word, it goes on cooldown until the start of
the next Hero Phase, and you can't use it until it is off cooldown.

### Core Power Words

Your Core Power Words are **Does** **Whatever** and **Can**.
You can spend 1 Might point to add one of these to a Power Stunt 
or Combo, 2 Might to add two, and 3 Might to add all three.

::::::::::::: cpw :::::::
#### Totem Nature Core Power Words

- Bugs
  - Spider (Black Widow)
  - Spider (Recluse)
  - Spider (Tarantula)
  - Insect (Ant)
  - Insect (Scorpion)
  - Insect (Fly)
  - Insect (Bee)
  - Insect (Butterfly)
  - Insect (Moth)
  - Insect (Roach)
  - Insect (Wasp)
  - Insect (Hornet)
  - Insect (Yellowjacket)
- Reptiles
  - Reptile (Alligator)
  - Reptile (Crocodile)
  - Dinosaur (Pterodon)
  - Dinosaur (T-Rex)
  - Dinosaur (Stegosaur)
  - Lizard (Chameleon)
  - Lizard (Iguana)
  - Snake (Asp)
  - Snake (Cobra)
  - Snake (Python)
  - Snake (Rattlesnake)
  - Snake (Viper)
  - Reptile (Tortoise)
  - Reptile (Turtle)
- Dragon
  - Hydra
  - Wyvern
  - Wyrm
- Felines
  - Feline (Housecat)
  - Feline (Cheetah)
  - Feline (Cougar)
  - Feline (Lion)
  - Feline (Panther)
  - Feline (Puma)
  - Feline (Sabretooth)
  - Feline (Tiger)
- Birb
  - Owl
  - Vulture
  - Falcon
  - Hawk
  - Dove
  - Rooster
  - Turkey
  - Chicken / Hen
  - Ostrich
  - Eagle
- Amphibians
  - Frog
  - Newt
  - Toad
  - Salamander
  - Whale
    - Orca
    - Dolphin
    - Porpoise
  - Otter
- Fish
  - Barracuda
  - Eel
  - Clam
  - Crab
  - Fish
  - Lobster
  - Moray
  - Pirhanna
  - Merfolk
  - Octopus
  - Shark
  - Squid (Craken)
  - Starfish
  - Sea Horse
- Mammals
  - Elephant
    - Mammoth
    - Mastodon
    - Pachyderm
  - Minotaur
    - Goat (Satyr)
    - Bull (Minotaur)
    - Cow (Minotaur)
  - Monkey
    - Ape
    - Gorilla
    - Gibbon
    - Ma
  - Pig
    - Hog
    - Boar
  - Stag
  - Deer
  - Moose
  - Kangaroo
  - Elk
  - Horse
    - Alicorn
    - Centaur
    - Hippopotamus
    - Pegasus
    - Unicorn
  - Rhino
  - Wolverine
  - Canines
    - Dog
      - Mastiff
      - Hound
      - Wolf
      - Dingo
    - Coyote
    - Jackal
    - Fox
  - Bear
    - Koala
    - Grizzly
    - Panda
    - Polar
  - Rodent
    - Badger
    - Bat
    - Mongoose
    - Mouse
    - Otter
    - Porcupine
    - Rabbit
      - Bunny
      - Jackrabbit
      - Hare
    - Raccoon
    - Rat
    - Skunk
    - Squirrel
    - Weasel
      - Ermine
      - Mink
      - Stoat
- Environment
  - Coral
  - Desert
  - Jungle
  - Mire
  - Peaks
  - Tundra
- Plant (Flower, specific)
- Plant (Tree, specific)
- Plant (Vine, specific)

### Personal Power Words

Choose six Personal Power Words from the following list:

::::::::::::: cpw :::::::
- Alert
- Ambush
- Animalistic
- Armored
- Beast
- Bloody
- Body
- Brutal
- Burrow
- Camouflage
- Charge
- Claws
- Clever
- Constrict
- Curiosity
- Dangerous
- Dash
- Dig
- Direction
- Distance
- Echolocation
- Elusive
- Enduring
- Environment
- Giant
- Growl
- Horrifying
- Howl
- Hunger
- Hunter
- Immovable
- Inhuman
- Instinctive
- Instincts
- Leap
- Lift
- Massive
- Maw
- Musk
- Mutant
- Natural
- Nest
- Networked
- Override
- Pack
- Poison
- Positronic
- Pounce
- Predator
- Prey
- Prowl
- Purr
- Quick
- Rage
- Reflexes
- Regenerate
- Roar
- Savage
- Screech
- Shell
- Shifting
- Silent
- Sly
- Spiked
- Stamina
- Stampede
- Stocky
- Stomp
- Strength
- Stubborn
- Survival
- Tall
- Technical
- Throw
- Track
- Trample
- Tunnel
- Understanding
- Venomous
- Warning
- Weather
- Wild
:::::::::::::::::::::::::

When you use a **Power Display,** you can add one Personal Power Word for free.

You can use two Power Personal Words together to form a **Power Stunt** 
or **Power Combo** by paying 1 Might for each beyond the first.

### Nova Power

Choose at least two but no more than four single words you like; 
these are your **Nova Power Words**, and together are known as your
**Nova Power Phrase**.

When you check off all your Ideals, your Nova Power Words are 
**Unlocked** until the end of the current Storyline.

You can use one of your Nova Power Words in a Power Stunt or Combo for free; if you spend
1 Might, you can include the second Nova Power Word as well.

:::::::::::::::::::::::::: classpic ::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::
![Adam-42, a.k.a. O.O.P.F.](art/jeshields/monstrosity.png "Adam-42, a.k.a. O.O.P.F."){.class} 
::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

## Totem Abilities {.class}

Each Volume, you gain a new ability from your class.
Your Totem Abilities show your increasing distance from humanity.
Each ability can be chosen only once.

### Prime Ability

Your hero has the **Force of Nature** Prime ability common 
to all Totems.

:::::: {.ability-list .prime }::::::::::
Does Whatever a Totem Can

:   When you use your Core or Nova Power Words in a Power Stunt
    or Combo roll, add 2 dice to as if you had a skill or fighting
    style that applied to such a use.

::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

### Volume 1 Abilities

At the start of Volume 1, choose two abilities from this list.

::::: {.ability-list .v1 } ::::::::::

Animal Partner

:   *Prequisite: You can't have the __Alien Totem__ class ability.*
    You have an unusually intelligent pet or companion that accompanies
    you on your heroic adventures. This partner has three Core Power Words --
    one matching your Totem Nature Power Word, and two others from the
    Totem Personal Power Words List -- that you can use for free without
    spending Might, each once per Hero Phase. Your animal partner's 
    Health and Might equal the Volume.

    Choose one Skill possessed by your Animal Partner, and a Fighting
    Style. You can use that skill or Fighting Style whenever your 
    Animal Partner is present during a Crisis.

    During any Hero Phase, either your hero can make a move or your
    animal partner can make a move -- not both.

    *Prerequisite: The __Mystic Totem__ class ability.* 
    If your animal partner is ever killed, they return to life at the 
    end of the next Crisis Countdown, and join you as soon as they
    can.

Alien Totem

:   You are not connected to normal earth creatures, but alien versions
    of them. All of your abilities and power words work with similar creatures,
    no matter what worlds they originate from.

    In addition, add **Alien** as a Core Power Word.
    
How Do You Do Fellow Animals?

:   *Prequisite: You can't have the __Alien Totem__ class ability.*
    You can automatically communicate with any creatures matching your
    Totem Nature Power Word. They might not fully understand who you are and
    what you want from them, but you can audibly speak back and forth, and get
    information or possibly assistance from them, as if you were all sharing a
    common language.

Mystic Totem

:   Your link to your nature totem is a result of mystical means, not 
    technological a strictly scientific process. You gain the Mystic skill.
    Whenever you choose a Personal Power Word, you can choose from the 
    Mage Class Personal Power Words List or the Divine Class Personal 
    Power Words List.

Summon Swarm 

:   *Prequisite: You can't have the __Alien Totem__ class ability.*
    As a move during the Hero Phase, you can spend 1 Might to call up a 
    swarm of normal creatures of the same type as your Totem Nature Power Word. 
    These arrive at the start of the next Crisis Phase, and the scene gains your Totem 
    Nature Power Word as a scene power word until the end of the crisis.

Unkillable

:   You get knocked down but you get up again. They're never gonna keep you 
    down. Regain 1 Health at the start of the Hero Phase if you have 0 Health.

Unbeatable

:   Your powers cause people to under-estimate you and you actually punch can
    punch far above your normal weight class.
    Whenever you have one or more companions of the same type as your
    Totem Nature Power Word present -- including from the *Animal Companion* or
    *Summon Swarm* class abilities -- add 1 to the Effectiveness of any roll
    you make to advance any goal.

Variable Totem

:   At the start of the Hero Phase, you can change your Totem Nature Core 
    Power Word to any other power word on the Totem Nature Core Power
    Words List. All of your abilities use the new Totem Nature until the
    start of the next Crisis Phase.

:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

### Volume 2 Abilities

At the start of Volume 2, choose an ability from this list or the Volume 1 list.

:::::::: {.ability-list .v2 } :::::::

Animal Instincts

:   Whenever you roll Suspense or Mystery to advance the Allay or
    Outwit goals, add 2 dice.

Humanity's Best Friend

:   Whenever you roll to add to the Teamwork pool or advance the Rescue
    or Allay goals, add 1 die for every human hero present, to a maximum 
    number of extra dice equal to the Volume.

Savage Instincts

:   Gain a number of Fighting Styles equal to the Volume, chosen from the
    following list. At the start of each subsequent Volume, gain 1 more 
    Fighting Style from this list.

    - Acrobat
    - Brawler
    - Controller
    - Demolisher
    - Frenzy
    - Find Weakness
    - Guerilla
    - Interceptor
    - Harrier
    - Martial Artist
    - Meteor
    - Rescuer
    - Tactician
    - Warlord

    You can't ever gain the following Fighting Styles, from any source:
    - Ace
    - Makeshift Weapons
    - Medic
    - Sharpshooter
    - Weapon Master

:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

::::::::::::: cpw :::::::
#### Totem Nature Core Power Words

- Bugs
  - Spider
    - Black Widow
    - Recluse
    - Tarantula
  - Insect
    - Ant
      - Scorpion
    - Fly
      - Bee
      - Butterfly
      - Moth
      - Roach
      - Wasp
        - Hornet
        - Yellowjacket
- Reptiles
  - Alligator
  - Crocodile
  - Dinosaur
    - Pterodon
    - T-Rex
  - Lizard
    - Chameleon
    - Iguana
  - Snake
    - Asp
    - Cobra
    - Python
    - Rattlesnake
    - Viper
  - Tortoise
  - Turtle
- Dragon
  - Hydra
  - Wyvern
  - Wyrm
- Felines
  - Cat
  - Cheetah
  - Lion
  - Panther
  - Puma
  - Sabre-Tooth
  - Tiger
- Birb
  - Owl
  - Vulture
  - Falcon
  - Hawk
  - Dove
  - Rooster
  - Turkey
  - Chicken / Hen
  - Ostrich
  - Eagle
- Amphibians
  - Frog
  - Newt
  - Toad
  - Salamander
  - Whale
    - Orca
    - Dolphin
    - Porpoise
  - Otter
- Fish
  - Barracuda
  - Eel
  - Clam
  - Crab
  - Fish
  - Lobster
  - Moray
  - Pirhanna
  - Merfolk
  - Octopus
  - Shark
  - Squid (Craken)
  - Starfish
  - Sea Horse
- Mammals
  - Elephant
    - Mammoth
    - Mastodon
    - Pachyderm
  - Minotaur
    - Goat (Satyr)
    - Bull (Minotaur)
    - Cow (Minotaur)
  - Monkey
    - Ape
    - Gorilla
    - Gibbon
    - Ma
  - Pig
    - Hog
    - Boar
  - Stag
  - Deer
  - Moose
  - Kangaroo
  - Elk
  - Horse
    - Alicorn
    - Centaur
    - Hippopotamus
    - Pegasus
    - Unicorn
  - Rhino
  - Wolverine
  - Canines
    - Dog
      - Mastiff
      - Hound
      - Wolf
      - Dingo
    - Coyote
    - Jackal
    - Fox
  - Bear
    - Koala
    - Grizzly
    - Panda
    - Polar
  - Rodent
    - Badger
    - Bat
    - Mongoose
    - Mouse
    - Otter
    - Porcupine
    - Rabbit
      - Bunny
      - Jackrabbit
      - Hare
    - Raccoon
    - Rat
    - Skunk
    - Squirrel
    - Weasel
      - Ermine
      - Mink
      - Stoat
- Environment
  - Coral
  - Mire
  - Tree
  - Tundra

::::::::::::: cpw :::::::
#### Totem Personal Power Words List

- Agility
- Amphibious
- Anthropomorphic
- Aquatic
- Barbed
- Bark
- Breath
- Camouflage
- Claws
- Climb
- Colorful
- Crawl
- Cute
- Danger
- Ears
- Elusive
- Empathic
- Essense
- Eyes
- Fangs
- Feet
- Fins
- Flipper
- Fly
- Fur
- Gills
- Glide
- Graceful
- Grasp
- Growl
- Habitat
- Hair
- Hard
- Harmless
- Hearing
- Hide
- Hooves
- Horn
- Howl
- Instincts
- Jump
- Leap
- Legs
- Luck
- Lungs
- Melodious
- Mighty
- Mimic
- Musk
- Muzzle
- Neck
- Night
- Nobility
- Normal
- Nose
- Odor
- Paws
- Proportionate
- Quills
- Regenerative
- Roar
- Run
- Savagery
- Scales
- Scent
- Senses
- Shapechange
- Sharp
- Shell
- Silent
- Size
- Skin
- Sleek
- Slippery
- Snarl
- Soft
- Speed
- Spines
- Stamina
- Stinger
- Strength
- Suckers
- Swim
- Tail
- Teeth
- Tentacle
- Theriomorphic
- Tiny
- Tongue
- Toxic
- Transformation
- Trunk
- Unnoticed
- Venom
- Vision
- Webs
- Wet
- Wings
- Wisdom
:::::::::::::::::::::::::

Misunderstood Monster

:   Even at your most animalistic, you wouldn't harm an innocent.
    Add 2 to the dice pool when you advance the Allay
    or Rescue goals. 
    Whenever you choose a Personal Power Word,
    you can choose from the Totem Class Nature Power Words List,
    or the Totem Personal Power Words List.  Add any from the latter as 
    Core Power Words.

Regeneration

:   *Prerequisite: Golem* If you're ever wounded, you don't stay that way for long.  
    Regain 1 Health at the start of the Hero Phase if you are at less than half of 
    your maximum Health but have at least 1 Health.

Wild Power

:   You are a storehouse of natural energy. Increase your maximum Might 
    by 5.

Wild Strength

:   You are as hard to take down as the mightiest of beasts. Increase your
    maximum Health by 5.

:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

### Volume 3 Abilities

At the start of Volume 3, choose an ability from this list or any previous list.

:::::::: {.ability-list .v3 } :::::::
Nigh-Invulnerable

:   There are few things that can seriously harm you.  Increase your maximum 
    Health by 5.

Power Burn

:   You can call upon your life-force to fuel your powers.  You can spend 
    Health whenever you would normally spend Might. Increase your maximum
    Health by 3.

Soul Bond

:   *Prerequisite: Humanity's Best Friend.*
    You have a quasi-mystical bond with another person. Choose a
    consenting hero who is essentially human. 

    You gain the Psychic class's **Our Minds As One** Prime ability,
    but only with your chosen hero. In addition, you gain **Soul**
    and **Bond** as Core Power Words.

    Whenever you choose a Personal Power Word, you can choose from the 
    Totem Class Personal Power Words List, or the Psychic Class Personal 
    Power Words List.  Add any from the latter as Core Power Words.

:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

### Volume 4 Abilities

At the start of Volume 4, choose an ability from this list or any previous list.

:::::::: {.ability-list .v4 } :::::::
Power Overwhelming

:   Your capacity for destruction is extraordinary, even for a hero.
    Increase your maximum Might by 5.

Immortal Totem

:   *Prerequisite: Mystic Totem* You might be seriously wounded, but you'll never stay dead. 
    If you're reduced to 0 Health or 0 Might, regain 1 point of each at the 
    start of the next Hero Phase.

:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

### Volume 5 Abilities

At the start of Volume 5, choose an ability from this list or any previous list.

:::::: {.ability-list .v5 }::::::::::
TBD

:   To be determined.

TBD

:   To be determined.

:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

Commit message:

Some Crossover abilities
Knight -> Wheelman
Knight -> Totem
Paragon -> Inventor

src/classes/totem.md, after:

::::::::::::::::::: { .classdata #class-monstrosity } :::::::::::
# The Kid {#toc-kid .breakbefore .class}

> 

## Playing a Kid

You have Skills, Abilities, and possibly other Power Words that 
you can use to switch up your moves from Hero Phase to Hero Phase.

## Questions

As you create your Kid hero, answer any or all of these questions.

:::::::::: questions :::::::::::::::::::
- How do you look different from normal humans? 
  - How much larger (or smaller) are you than other people? 
  - What color is your skin, and what does it feel and look like? 
  - What kind of strange appearance do you have that makes the ignorant 
    assume you're just an animalistic brute?
  - What does your voice sound like, and what kind of vocabulary do 
    you employ?
- Are you *always* a kid?  
  (If not, then you may want to consider playing your hero as 
   <a href="#toc-multi-class">Multi-Class Hero</a> -- this is appropriate
   for heroes who magically transform from child form to an adult shape!)
  - If not, what triggers that change? 
    Is it an emotional state, a substance, a situation, a magic word,
    or your own free will? 
  - How do you get along with adult heroes? Do you look up to them as
    role models? Do they usually talk down to you?
  - In what ways are you less mature than the average hero?
  - In what ways are you more mature than the average hero?
  - Were you *always* a hero? How did you become one? Why did you
    become one?
  - Do you have any other friends your age, or do you just associate with
    adult heroes?
- What kind of interests do you have that surprise other people? 
  - Are you an artist at heart, a scientist, a poet, a doctor, a pilot? 
  - What would push you over that edge, and how have you avoided going 
    over it so far?
::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

## Skills

You have the **Explorer** skill, plus two additional skills of your choice.

Whenever you make a roll that uses one of your skills, add 1 extra die. If
you have more than one skill that could apply to a roll, add 1 extra die for each
applicable skill.

## Power Words

You can use your Power Words in the following ways:

- As a **Power Display**, costing no Might
- As a **Stunt**, costing 1 Might for each Word beyond the first
- As a **Power Combo**, costing 1 Might and letting others join in
- Joining a **Power Combo**, costing 1 Might.

When you use a Power Word, it goes on cooldown until the start of
the next Hero Phase, and you can't use it until it is off cooldown.

### Core Power Words

Your Core Power Words are **Does** **Whatever** and **Can**.
You can spend 1 Might point to add one of these to a Power Stunt 
or Combo, 2 Might to add two, and 3 Might to add all three.

::::::::::::: cpw :::::::
#### Totem Nature Core Power Words

- Bugs
  - Spider (Black Widow)
  - Spider (Recluse)
  - Spider (Tarantula)
  - Insect (Ant)
  - Insect (Scorpion)
  - Insect (Fly)
  - Insect (Bee)
  - Insect (Butterfly)
  - Insect (Moth)
  - Insect (Roach)
  - Insect (Wasp)
  - Insect (Hornet)
  - Insect (Yellowjacket)
- Reptiles
  - Reptile (Alligator)
  - Reptile (Crocodile)
  - Dinosaur (Pterodon)
  - Dinosaur (T-Rex)
  - Dinosaur (Stegosaur)
  - Lizard (Chameleon)
  - Lizard (Iguana)
  - Snake (Asp)
  - Snake (Cobra)
  - Snake (Python)
  - Snake (Rattlesnake)
  - Snake (Viper)
  - Reptile (Tortoise)
  - Reptile (Turtle)
- Dragon
  - Hydra
  - Wyvern
  - Wyrm
- Felines
  - Feline (Housecat)
  - Feline (Cheetah)
  - Feline (Cougar)
  - Feline (Lion)
  - Feline (Panther)
  - Feline (Puma)
  - Feline (Sabretooth)
  - Feline (Tiger)
- Birb
  - Owl
  - Vulture
  - Falcon
  - Hawk
  - Dove
  - Rooster
  - Turkey
  - Chicken / Hen
  - Ostrich
  - Eagle
- Amphibians
  - Frog
  - Newt
  - Toad
  - Salamander
  - Whale
    - Orca
    - Dolphin
    - Porpoise
  - Otter
- Fish
  - Barracuda
  - Eel
  - Clam
  - Crab
  - Fish
  - Lobster
  - Moray
  - Pirhanna
  - Merfolk
  - Octopus
  - Shark
  - Squid (Craken)
  - Starfish
  - Sea Horse
- Mammals
  - Elephant
    - Mammoth
    - Mastodon
    - Pachyderm
  - Minotaur
    - Goat (Satyr)
    - Bull (Minotaur)
    - Cow (Minotaur)
  - Monkey
    - Ape
    - Gorilla
    - Gibbon
    - Ma
  - Pig
    - Hog
    - Boar
  - Stag
  - Deer
  - Moose
  - Kangaroo
  - Elk
  - Horse
    - Alicorn
    - Centaur
    - Hippopotamus
    - Pegasus
    - Unicorn
  - Rhino
  - Wolverine
  - Canines
    - Dog
      - Mastiff
      - Hound
      - Wolf
      - Dingo
    - Coyote
    - Jackal
    - Fox
  - Bear
    - Koala
    - Grizzly
    - Panda
    - Polar
  - Rodent
    - Badger
    - Bat
    - Mongoose
    - Mouse
    - Otter
    - Porcupine
    - Rabbit
      - Bunny
      - Jackrabbit
      - Hare
    - Raccoon
    - Rat
    - Skunk
    - Squirrel
    - Weasel
      - Ermine
      - Mink
      - Stoat
- Environment
  - Coral
  - Desert
  - Jungle
  - Mire
  - Peaks
  - Tundra
- Plant (Flower, specific)
- Plant (Tree, specific)
- Plant (Vine, specific)

### Personal Power Words

Choose six Personal Power Words from the following list:

::::::::::::: cpw :::::::
- Alert
- Ambush
- Animalistic
- Armored
- Beast
- Bloody
- Body
- Brutal
- Burrow
- Camouflage
- Charge
- Claws
- Clever
- Constrict
- Curiosity
- Dangerous
- Dash
- Dig
- Direction
- Distance
- Echolocation
- Elusive
- Enduring
- Environment
- Giant
- Growl
- Horrifying
- Howl
- Hunger
- Hunter
- Immovable
- Inhuman
- Instinctive
- Instincts
- Leap
- Lift
- Massive
- Maw
- Musk
- Mutant
- Natural
- Nest
- Networked
- Override
- Pack
- Poison
- Positronic
- Pounce
- Predator
- Prey
- Prowl
- Purr
- Quick
- Rage
- Reflexes
- Regenerate
- Roar
- Savage
- Screech
- Shell
- Shifting
- Silent
- Sly
- Spiked
- Stamina
- Stampede
- Stocky
- Stomp
- Strength
- Stubborn
- Survival
- Tall
- Technical
- Throw
- Track
- Trample
- Tunnel
- Understanding
- Venomous
- Warning
- Weather
- Wild
:::::::::::::::::::::::::

When you use a **Power Display,** you can add one Personal Power Word for free.

You can use two Power Personal Words together to form a **Power Stunt** 
or **Power Combo** by paying 1 Might for each beyond the first.

### Nova Power

Choose at least two but no more than four single words you like; 
these are your **Nova Power Words**, and together are known as your
**Nova Power Phrase**.

When you check off all your Ideals, your Nova Power Words are 
**Unlocked** until the end of the current Storyline.

You can use one of your Nova Power Words in a Power Stunt or Combo for free; if you spend
1 Might, you can include the second Nova Power Word as well.

:::::::::::::::::::::::::: classpic ::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::
![Adam-42, a.k.a. O.O.P.F.](art/jeshields/monstrosity.png "Adam-42, a.k.a. O.O.P.F."){.class} 
::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

## Totem Abilities {.class}

Each Volume, you gain a new ability from your class.
Your Totem Abilities show your increasing distance from humanity.
Each ability can be chosen only once.

### Prime Ability

Your hero has the **Force of Nature** Prime ability common 
to all Totems.

:::::: {.ability-list .prime }::::::::::
Does Whatever a Totem Can

:   When you use your Core or Nova Power Words in a Power Stunt
    or Combo roll, add 2 dice to as if you had a skill or fighting
    style that applies to such a use. If you have a normal skill
    or fighting style that could apply to a roll, only add the 
    bonus dice from your *Does Whatever a Totem Can* Ability.

::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

### Volume 1 Abilities

At the start of Volume 1, choose two abilities from this list.

::::: {.ability-list .v1 } ::::::::::

Animal Partner

:   *Prequisite: You can't have the __Alien Totem__ class ability.*
    You have an unusually intelligent pet or companion that accompanies
    you on your heroic adventures. This partner has three Core Power Words --
    one matching your Totem Nature Power Word, and two others from the
    Totem Personal Power Words List -- that you can use for free without
    spending Might, each once per Hero Phase. Your animal partner's 
    Health and Might equal the Volume.

    Choose one Skill possessed by your Animal Partner, and a Fighting
    Style. You can use that skill or Fighting Style whenever your 
    Animal Partner is present during a Crisis.

    During any Hero Phase, either your hero can make a move or your
    animal partner can make a move -- not both.

    *Prerequisite: The __Mystic Totem__ class ability.* 
    If your animal partner is ever killed, they return to life at the 
    end of the next Crisis Countdown, and join you as soon as they
    can.

Alien Totem

:   You are not connected to normal earth creatures, but alien versions
    of them. All of your abilities and power words work with similar creatures,
    no matter what worlds they originate from.

    In addition, add **Alien** as a Core Power Word.
    
How Do You Do Fellow Animals?

:   *Prequisite: You can't have the __Alien Totem__ class ability.*
    You can automatically communicate with any creatures matching your
    Totem Nature Power Word. They might not fully understand who you are and
    what you want from them, but you can audibly speak back and forth, and get
    information or possibly assistance from them, as if you were all sharing a
    common language.

Mystic Totem

:   Your link to your nature totem is a result of mystical means, not 
    technological a strictly scientific process. You gain the Mystic skill.
    Whenever you choose a Personal Power Word, you can choose from the 
    Mage Class Personal Power Words List or the Divine Class Personal 
    Power Words List.

Summon Swarm 

:   *Prequisite: You can't have the __Alien Totem__ class ability.*
    As a move during the Hero Phase, you can spend 1 Might to call up a 
    swarm of normal creatures of the same type as your Totem Nature Power Word. 
    These arrive at the start of the next Crisis Phase, and the scene gains your Totem 
    Nature Power Word as a scene power word until the end of the crisis.

Unkillable

:   You get knocked down but you get up again. They're never gonna keep you 
    down. Regain 1 Health at the start of the Hero Phase if you have 0 Health.

Unbeatable

:   Your powers cause people to under-estimate you and you actually punch can
    punch far above your normal weight class.
    Whenever you have one or more companions of the same type as your
    Totem Nature Power Word present -- including from the *Animal Companion* or
    *Summon Swarm* class abilities -- add 1 to the Effectiveness of any roll
    you make to advance any goal.

Variable Totem

:   At the start of the Hero Phase, you can change your Totem Nature Core 
    Power Word to any other power word on the Totem Nature Core Power
    Words List. All of your abilities use the new Totem Nature until the
    start of the next Crisis Phase.

:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

### Volume 2 Abilities

At the start of Volume 2, choose an ability from this list or the Volume 1 list.

:::::::: {.ability-list .v2 } :::::::

Animal Instincts

:   Whenever you roll Suspense or Mystery to advance the Allay or
    Outwit goals, add 2 dice.

Humanity's Best Friend

:   Whenever you roll to add to the Teamwork pool or advance the Rescue
    or Allay goals, add 1 die for every human hero present, to a maximum 
    number of extra dice equal to the Volume.

Savage Instincts

:   Gain a number of Fighting Styles equal to the Volume, chosen from the
    following list. At the start of each subsequent Volume, gain 1 more 
    Fighting Style from this list.

    - Acrobat
    - Brawler
    - Controller
    - Demolisher
    - Frenzy
    - Find Weakness
    - Guerilla
    - Interceptor
    - Harrier
    - Martial Artist
    - Meteor
    - Rescuer
    - Tactician
    - Warlord

    You can't ever gain the following Fighting Styles, from any source:
    - Ace
    - Makeshift Weapons
    - Medic
    - Sharpshooter
    - Weapon Master

:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

::::::::::::: cpw :::::::
#### Totem Nature Core Power Words

- Bugs
  - Spider
    - Black Widow
    - Recluse
    - Tarantula
  - Insect
    - Ant
      - Scorpion
    - Fly
      - Bee
      - Butterfly
      - Moth
      - Roach
      - Wasp
        - Hornet
        - Yellowjacket
- Reptiles
  - Alligator
  - Crocodile
  - Dinosaur
    - Pterodon
    - T-Rex
  - Lizard
    - Chameleon
    - Iguana
  - Snake
    - Asp
    - Cobra
    - Python
    - Rattlesnake
    - Viper
  - Tortoise
  - Turtle
- Dragon
  - Hydra
  - Wyvern
  - Wyrm
- Felines
  - Cat
  - Cheetah
  - Lion
  - Panther
  - Puma
  - Sabre-Tooth
  - Tiger
- Birb
  - Owl
  - Vulture
  - Falcon
  - Hawk
  - Dove
  - Rooster
  - Turkey
  - Chicken / Hen
  - Ostrich
  - Eagle
- Amphibians
  - Frog
  - Newt
  - Toad
  - Salamander
  - Whale
    - Orca
    - Dolphin
    - Porpoise
  - Otter
- Fish
  - Barracuda
  - Eel
  - Clam
  - Crab
  - Fish
  - Lobster
  - Moray
  - Pirhanna
  - Merfolk
  - Octopus
  - Shark
  - Squid (Craken)
  - Starfish
  - Sea Horse
- Mammals
  - Elephant
    - Mammoth
    - Mastodon
    - Pachyderm
  - Minotaur
    - Goat (Satyr)
    - Bull (Minotaur)
    - Cow (Minotaur)
  - Monkey
    - Ape
    - Gorilla
    - Gibbon
    - Ma
  - Pig
    - Hog
    - Boar
  - Stag
  - Deer
  - Moose
  - Kangaroo
  - Elk
  - Horse
    - Alicorn
    - Centaur
    - Hippopotamus
    - Pegasus
    - Unicorn
  - Rhino
  - Wolverine
  - Canines
    - Dog
      - Mastiff
      - Hound
      - Wolf
      - Dingo
    - Coyote
    - Jackal
    - Fox
  - Bear
    - Koala
    - Grizzly
    - Panda
    - Polar
  - Rodent
    - Badger
    - Bat
    - Mongoose
    - Mouse
    - Otter
    - Porcupine
    - Rabbit
      - Bunny
      - Jackrabbit
      - Hare
    - Raccoon
    - Rat
    - Skunk
    - Squirrel
    - Weasel
      - Ermine
      - Mink
      - Stoat
- Environment
  - Coral
  - Mire
  - Tree
  - Tundra

::::::::::::: cpw :::::::
#### Totem Personal Power Words List

- Agility
- Amphibious
- Anthropomorphic
- Aquatic
- Barbed
- Bark
- Breath
- Camouflage
- Claws
- Climb
- Colorful
- Crawl
- Cute
- Danger
- Ears
- Elusive
- Empathic
- Essense
- Eyes
- Fangs
- Feet
- Fins
- Flipper
- Fly
- Fur
- Gills
- Glide
- Graceful
- Grasp
- Growl
- Habitat
- Hair
- Hard
- Harmless
- Hearing
- Hide
- Hooves
- Horn
- Howl
- Instincts
- Jump
- Leap
- Legs
- Luck
- Lungs
- Melodious
- Mighty
- Mimic
- Musk
- Muzzle
- Neck
- Night
- Nobility
- Normal
- Nose
- Odor
- Paws
- Proportionate
- Quills
- Regenerative
- Roar
- Run
- Savagery
- Scales
- Scent
- Senses
- Shapechange
- Sharp
- Shell
- Silent
- Size
- Skin
- Sleek
- Slippery
- Snarl
- Soft
- Speed
- Spines
- Stamina
- Stinger
- Strength
- Suckers
- Swim
- Tail
- Teeth
- Tentacle
- Theriomorphic
- Tiny
- Tongue
- Toxic
- Transformation
- Trunk
- Unnoticed
- Venom
- Vision
- Webs
- Wet
- Wings
- Wisdom
:::::::::::::::::::::::::

Misunderstood Monster

:   Even at your most animalistic, you wouldn't harm an innocent.
    Add 2 to the dice pool when you advance the Allay
    or Rescue goals. 
    Whenever you choose a Personal Power Word,
    you can choose from the Totem Class Nature Power Words List,
    or the Totem Personal Power Words List.  Add any from the latter as 
    Core Power Words.

Regeneration

:   *Prerequisite: Golem* If you're ever wounded, you don't stay that way for long.  
    Regain 1 Health at the start of the Hero Phase if you are at less than half of 
    your maximum Health but have at least 1 Health.

Wild Power

:   You are a storehouse of natural energy. Increase your maximum Might 
    by 5.

Wild Strength

:   You are as hard to take down as the mightiest of beasts. Increase your
    maximum Health by 5.

:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

### Volume 3 Abilities

At the start of Volume 3, choose an ability from this list or any previous list.

:::::::: {.ability-list .v3 } :::::::
Nigh-Invulnerable

:   There are few things that can seriously harm you.  Increase your maximum 
    Health by 5.

Power Burn

:   You can call upon your life-force to fuel your powers.  You can spend 
    Health whenever you would normally spend Might. Increase your maximum
    Health by 3.

Soul Bond

:   *Prerequisite: Humanity's Best Friend.*
    You have a quasi-mystical bond with another person. Choose a
    consenting hero who is essentially human. 

    You gain the Psychic class's **Our Minds As One** Prime ability,
    but only with your chosen hero. In addition, you gain **Soul**
    and **Bond** as Core Power Words.

    Whenever you choose a Personal Power Word, you can choose from the 
    Totem Class Personal Power Words List, or the Psychic Class Personal 
    Power Words List.  Add any from the latter as Core Power Words.

:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

### Volume 4 Abilities

At the start of Volume 4, choose an ability from this list or any previous list.

:::::::: {.ability-list .v4 } :::::::
Power Overwhelming

:   Your capacity for destruction is extraordinary, even for a hero.
    Increase your maximum Might by 5.

Immortal Totem

:   *Prerequisite: Mystic Totem* You might be seriously wounded, but you'll never stay dead. 
    If you're reduced to 0 Health or 0 Might, regain 1 point of each at the 
    start of the next Hero Phase.

:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

### Volume 5 Abilities

At the start of Volume 5, choose an ability from this list or any previous list.

:::::: {.ability-list .v5 }::::::::::
TBD

:   To be determined.

TBD

:   To be determined.

:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::
