src/glossary.md, before:

# Glossary of Game Terms {#toc-glossary .breakbefore}

::::::::::::::: glossary ::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

- **Ability** - Something granted by a hero's class that changes how they spend Might, use Power Words, or interact with Crises. 
- **Action** – A facet of a hero. Describes how much the hero likes to solve problems with direct action. (*Daring* in Harmony Drive.)
- **Advance a Goal** - An action taken by a hero designed to move a Crisis closer to resolution.
- **Advancement** - The choice made by a player at the end of a Story Arc to increase their hero's Health or Might, or add a new Skill or Power Word. Adding a Skill or Power Word can only be chosen once per Volume.
- **Adventure** – A facet of a hero. Describes how much the hero likes to solve problems by coming up with a new approach to fit the situation. (*Adaptability* in Harmony Drive.)
- **Contribute to the Teamwork Pool** - An action taken by a hero designed to give the team an advantage against a Crisis.
- **Crisis Phase** - The part of a Crisis when the Editor chooses the actions for the Crisis; alternates with Hero Phase. (*GM Turn* in Harmony Drive.)
- **Crisis** – A challenge the heroes need to overcome where only their exceptional abilities can save the day. The game’s combat system. (*Encounter* in Harmony Drive.)
- **Detective** – A facet of a hero. Describes how much the hero likes to solve problems by connecting information. (*Understanding* in Harmony Drive.)
- **Edge Success** – A die that comes up a 1. A player can count this as a Success as if it were a 5 or 6, but only if they agree to a consequence presented by the Editor.
- **Editor** - The gamemaster for a game of *Cosmic Legends*, who plays the roles of non-player characters and runs the Crises. A Series can have a single Editor or the Editorship can rotate players betwen Issues. (*GM* in Harmony Drive.)
- **Effectiveness** - The total number of successes in a roll, including those from Edge Successes, Fighting Styles, and Power Stunts or Combos.
- **Facets** – A hero's "stats". Facets describe a hero's preferred ways of solving problems.
- **Fighting Style** – An ability that changes the way a hero interacts with Crises. (*Specialty* in Harmony Drive.)
- **General Alert** - An action taken by a hero to call for any heroes not present at the scene; they arrive at the start of the next Hero Phase.
- **Goal** - One of three ways in which a Crisis could be resolved by the heroes: Smash, Outwit, Withstand.
- **Health** - A measure of how much harm a hero can withstand before being taken out of a fight. Heroes start Volume 1 with 10 Health. (*HP* in Harmony Drive.)
- **Hero Phase** - The part of a Crisis when the players choose the actions taken by their heroes; alternates with Crisis Phase. (*Player Turn* in Harmony Drive.)
- **Hero** - A single character whose actions are determined by a player who isn't the Editor.
- **Issue** - A game session, usually 2 to 4 hours.
- **Lesson** – The lesson a hero needs to learn, used to help the Editor plan a Spotlight Arc about the hero.
- **Might** - A measure of a hero's energy levels; using Power Stunts costs Might, and a low Might total reflects fatigue. Heroes start Volume 1 with 10 Might. (*Scatter* in Harmony Drive.)
- **Motivations** – A list of a hero's unique motivations. When a hero acts in accordance with an item in their Motivations, they mark it off and add two dice to their skill roll. (*Key* in Harmony Drive.)
- **Mystery** – A facet of a hero. Describes how much the hero likes to solve problems by hiding their motives or actions from others. (*Subtlety* in Harmony Drive.)
- **Nova Power Words** – Two Power Words that are available to the hero after they have marked off every item in their Motivations. These can be anything – the player can write whatever they like. (*Signature Spell Pieces* in Harmony Drive.)
- **Outwit** - A Goal that could resolve a Crisis through tricking, persuasing, or controlling the source of the Crisis. (*Redirect* in Harmony Drive.)
- **Personal Power Words** - Six or more Power Words that define a hero's Powers. (*Personal Spell Pieces* in Harmony Drive.)
- **Power Combo** - An action using the Power Words of two or more heroes. (*Chord* in Harmony Drive.)
- **Power Display** - An action by a hero that uses one of their Power Words in the description but gives no additional game benefits.
- **Power Stunt** - An action by a hero using two or more of their Power Words. (*Spell* in Harmony Drive.)
- **Power Words** – The words a player puts together to define their hero's use of a Power Display, Power Stunt, or Power Combo. (*Spell Pieces* in Harmony Drive.)
- **Power** - The capacity for actions beyond those of normal humans; it could represent a literal super-power, an advanced piece of technology, or extensive training.
- **Save Innocents** - An action taken by a hero to protect normal humans from the effects of a Crisis.
- **Scene Power Words** - Power Words defined by the Editor at the start of a Crisis which can be used by heroes in Power Stunts. (*Terrain Spell Pieces* in Harmony Drive.)
- **Series** - A group of Story Arcs following the same group of heroes; a campaign.
- **Smash** - A Goal that could resolve a Crisis through causing physical damage. (*Destroy* in Harmony Drive.)
- **Spotlight Arc** – A short story revolving around a hero's lesson, usually only a couple sessions long, after which the hero grows.
- **Story Arc** - One or more Stories in which one hero receives the Spotlight and their Lesson is addressed.
- **Story** - An adventure, either self-contained in one Issue or continued to the next Issue.
- **Success** – A die that comes up a 5 or 6. In a Crisis these are counted, and outside a Crisis a hero typically needs 1 to 3 to succeed at an uncertain action.
- **Suspense** – A facet of a hero. Describes how much the hero likes to solve problems by taking in information from the surroundings. (*Sensitivity* in Harmony Drive.)
- **Timely Arrival** - An action taken by a hero to arrive at the scene of a Crisis; they arrive at the end of the current Hero Phase.
- **Volume** - A set of Story Arcs in which each hero has had a Spotlight Arc, which concludes with a Wrap-Up Arc. (*Season* in Harmony Drive.)
- **Withstand** - A Goal that could resolve a Crisis through withstanding all the Crisis can throw at the heroes. (*Outlast* in Harmony Drive.)
:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

Commit message:

Skills, Crisis, Dice in Pools

src/glossary.md, after:

# Glossary of Game Terms {#toc-glossary .breakbefore}

::::::::::::::: glossary ::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

- **Ability** - Something granted by a hero's class that changes how they spend Might, use Power Words, or interact with Crises. 
- **Action** – A facet of a hero. Describes how much the hero likes to solve problems with direct action. (*Daring* in Harmony Drive.)
- **Advance a Goal** - A move taken by a hero designed to move a Crisis closer to resolution.
- **Advancement** - The choice made by a player at the end of a Story Arc to increase their hero's Health or Might, or add a new Skill or Power Word. Adding a Skill or Power Word can only be chosen once per Volume.
- **Adventure** – A facet of a hero. Describes how much the hero likes to solve problems by coming up with a new approach to fit the situation. (*Adaptability* in Harmony Drive.)
- **Contribute to the Teamwork Pool** - A move taken by a hero designed to give the team an advantage against a Crisis.
- **Crisis Phase** - The part of a Crisis when the Editor chooses the moves for the Crisis; alternates with Hero Phase. (*GM Turn* in Harmony Drive.)
- **Crisis** – A challenge the heroes need to overcome where only their exceptional abilities can save the day. The game’s combat system. (*Encounter* in Harmony Drive.)
- **Detective** – A facet of a hero. Describes how much the hero likes to solve problems by connecting information. (*Understanding* in Harmony Drive.)
- **Edge Success** – A die that comes up a 1. A player can count this as a Success as if it were a 5 or 6, but only if they agree to a consequence presented by the Editor.
- **Editor** - The gamemaster for a game of *Cosmic Legends*, who plays the roles of non-player characters and runs the Crises. A Series can have a single Editor or the Editorship can rotate players betwen Issues. (*GM* in Harmony Drive.)
- **Effectiveness** - The total number of successes in a roll, including those from Edge Successes, Fighting Styles, and Power Stunts or Combos.
- **Facets** – A hero's "stats". Facets describe a hero's preferred ways of solving problems.
- **Fighting Style** – An ability that changes the way a hero interacts with Crises. (*Specialty* in Harmony Drive.)
- **General Alert** - A move taken by a hero to call for any heroes not present at the scene; they arrive at the start of the next Hero Phase.
- **Goal** - One of three ways in which a Crisis could be resolved by the heroes: Smash, Outwit, Withstand.
- **Health** - A measure of how much harm a hero can withstand before being taken out of a fight. Heroes start Volume 1 with 10 Health. (*HP* in Harmony Drive.)
- **Hero Phase** - The part of a Crisis when the players choose the moves taken by their heroes; alternates with Crisis Phase. (*Player Turn* in Harmony Drive.)
- **Hero** - A single character whose actions are determined by a player who isn't the Editor.
- **Issue** - A game session, usually 2 to 4 hours.
- **Lesson** – The lesson a hero needs to learn, used to help the Editor plan a Spotlight Arc about the hero.
- **Might** - A measure of a hero's energy levels; using Power Stunts costs Might, and a low Might total reflects fatigue. Heroes start Volume 1 with 10 Might. (*Scatter* in Harmony Drive.)
- **Motivations** – A list of a hero's unique motivations. When a hero acts in accordance with an item in their Motivations, they mark it off and add two dice to their skill roll. (*Key* in Harmony Drive.)
- **Move** - A fictional action taken by the hero that usually includes a roll of the dice to resolve. (*Action* in Harmony Drive.)
- **Mystery** – A facet of a hero. Describes how much the hero likes to solve problems by hiding their motives or actions from others. (*Subtlety* in Harmony Drive.)
- **Nova Power Words** – Two Power Words that are available to the hero after they have marked off every item in their Motivations. These can be anything – the player can write whatever they like. (*Signature Spell Pieces* in Harmony Drive.)
- **Outwit** - A Goal that could resolve a Crisis through tricking, persuasing, or controlling the source of the Crisis. (*Redirect* in Harmony Drive.)
- **Personal Power Words** - Six or more Power Words that define a hero's Powers. (*Personal Spell Pieces* in Harmony Drive.)
- **Power Combo** - A move using the Power Words of two or more heroes. (*Chord* in Harmony Drive.)
- **Power Display** - A move by a hero that uses one of their Power Words in the description but gives no additional game benefits.
- **Power Stunt** - A move by a hero using two or more of their Power Words. (*Spell* in Harmony Drive.)
- **Power Words** – The words a player puts together to define their hero's use of a Power Display, Power Stunt, or Power Combo. (*Spell Pieces* in Harmony Drive.)
- **Power** - The capacity for actions beyond those of normal humans; it could represent a literal super-power, an advanced piece of technology, or extensive training.
- **Save Innocents** - A move taken by a hero to protect normal humans from the effects of a Crisis.
- **Scene Power Words** - Power Words defined by the Editor at the start of a Crisis which can be used by heroes in Power Stunts. (*Terrain Spell Pieces* in Harmony Drive.)
- **Series** - A group of Story Arcs following the same group of heroes; a campaign.
- **Smash** - A Goal that could resolve a Crisis through causing physical damage. (*Destroy* in Harmony Drive.)
- **Spotlight Arc** – A short story revolving around a hero's lesson, usually only a couple sessions long, after which the hero grows.
- **Story Arc** - One or more Stories in which one hero receives the Spotlight and their Lesson is addressed.
- **Story** - An adventure, either self-contained in one Issue or continued to the next Issue.
- **Success** – A die that comes up a 5 or 6. In a Crisis these are counted, and outside a Crisis a hero typically needs 1 to 3 to succeed at an uncertain action.
- **Suspense** – A facet of a hero. Describes how much the hero likes to solve problems by taking in information from the surroundings. (*Sensitivity* in Harmony Drive.)
- **Timely Arrival** - A move taken by a hero to arrive at the scene of a Crisis; they arrive at the end of the current Hero Phase.
- **Volume** - A set of Story Arcs in which each hero has had a Spotlight Arc, which concludes with a Wrap-Up Arc. (*Season* in Harmony Drive.)
- **Withstand** - A Goal that could resolve a Crisis through withstanding all the Crisis can throw at the heroes. (*Outlast* in Harmony Drive.)
:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::
